Jaune tried very hard to act as if he didn’t even notice the scrutiny that he was receiving as he walked around the circular stands to sit down among his friends. Every member of his Platoon seemed to know exactly what he was up to, as they were all giving him looks of poorly hidden amusement.

“You’re so suspicious,” Blake pointed out while biting her lip to conceal her amusement.

“Even when it’s appeared that you’re at a huge disadvantage, you’ve still always ended up leaving all of your fights with over 70 percent of your aura remaining,” Pyrrha added with a nod at Blake. “People are starting to make up theories…”

Since Jaune wanted to change the subject, he decided to do so by asking a question that he needed to ask anyway. “Why am I encountering people with powerful Semblances like Hawthorn and Coal at the bottom of the rankings?”

They’re slow,” both Pyrrha and Weiss immediately answered.

“Ochre could only move a little over 2 times faster than a civilian, while Hawthorn and Coal could move 2.5 times faster,” Weiss continued. “With the exception of you, John, all of the people in our Platoon can channel all of our aura all at once to briefly move at least five times faster than our baseline attributes. It’s tiring, but it's essential if you want to climb to the top of the ranking system.”

“I max out at 5.5 at the moment,” Blake agreed with a small wave of her hand.

“5.66,” Ruby added less than a second later.

“5.25,” Yang admitted with a slightly hangdog expression on her face.

Behind everyone else, Penny raised 2 hands so that she could hold up 6 fingers.

If I push for it, I can actually move over six, and I’m striving hard to get to seven every single day,” Pyrrha sheepishly admitted.

What we’re trying to say,” Weiss continued, stopping everyone else from weighing in. “Is that none of us would’ve been caught by Hawthorn’s Semblance because we would’ve attacked him right away with our far superior speed, and we would’ve ended the fight almost immediately.”
