After slipping into a thick rubbery black skin suit covered in a complex formation of metal plates, Jaune grabbed 4 heavy metallic circlets off of a rack to snap closed around his wrists and ankles. With his uniform slash costume now in place, he turned towards a futuristic looking helmet resting on the table. While the full-face helmet was superficially similar to something a motorcyclist would wear, it conformed far closer to his skull than something mass produced ever could, and it had a smaller tinted glass faceplate to protect his eyes.

Once you moved past the visual appearance of the helmet however, it was leagues and leagues beyond anything that a cyclist would ever get to wear. This helmet was designed by Dr. Pietro Polendina himself and was made specifically with Jaune's Semblance in mind. It was a mini command center slash heads up display that kept him organized about a wide variety of his own vital statistics, as well as to what uses he was currently putting his aura. Long story short, the helmet was Jaune's baby and he loved it. There was still a chance that he might be able to use his Semblance without the helmet's assistance, but for now at least, he was still reliant on it to keep him organized.

Next, Jaune turned towards a rack that contained a large assembly of different weapons. Over the last year spent in a well-funded military lab, Jaune had amassed a collection of powerful and interesting weapons. No, he wasn't aiming to become a one-man armory or anything. Instead, he'd been exploring his options so that he could eventually construct his own mechashifting weapon. At the moment, he was torn between several different options, but what he did know was that he was suited towards being a tanking fighter using a set of aura powered armor that his Semblance allowed him to operate.

Depending on how he used his Semblance and the bolstered strength that his armor provided him, Jaune could be extremely strong or move extremely fast. None of that changed the fact that he was still the least experienced fighter on Remnant in almost any discipline. No one could be trusted to teach him martial arts because the Arc family had a long reach and very deep pockets. What this meant was that Jaune had spent most of his free time focusing on what real professional Hunters actually do in the field to destroy a wide variety of different Grimm.
