“We should be moving at least three times faster than this,” Blake pointed out from Jaune’s right hand side as they ran through the woods towards the yellow area of the Initiation Test. “I get that we’re attracting groups of mob level Grimm while we move, but still… Why aren’t you using any of your aura? We could be moving a lot faster…”

“I suppose that means your mission experience mostly revolves around short term, high intensity fights, rather than day long Grimm hunts in the wild,” Jaune mused to himself. Then, when Blake started giving him a suspicious scowl, he waved his hand dismissively. “No worries, Blake. I have every intention of respecting your secrets. All I’m trying to do is get a better idea of your strengths and weaknesses.

“My weaknesses,” Blake repeated in a slightly chilly tone of voice.

“Yes weaknesses, everyone has them,” Jaune sighed out as he vaulted over a fallen log. “While I’ve only seen you destroy a few Beowolves so far, I can already tell that you’re a much better melee fighter than I am. I’m not talking about physical weaknesses...”

“What specifically do you need to know then?” At this point, Blake didn’t look guarded anymore. She looked slightly confused instead.

“Well, for instance, you’re definitely a little too impatient,” Jaune elaborated as he whipped his sword up through the underbelly of an approaching Boarbatusk. “You want the two of us to burn a good chunk of our aura reserves on the commute to the fight, rather than on the fight itself. Unless you have endless stamina, that’s a mistake. In about twenty minutes, we’re going to arrive in the testing area that contains the larger, more dangerous Grimm types, at which point we’ll need to break through a thick mass of mid tier Grimm. When that time comes, the two of us will have accomplished 2 things. We’ll have warmed up our muscles during this here little jog, and we’ll have almost fully regenerated aura reserves.”

After opening the then closing her mouth for the Maidens only know what time in the last hour, Blake suddenly leapt high into the air and axe kicked the head clear off of a bird Grimm that was getting the drop on Jaune. Only then, after finishing her flip and landing directly into another easy jog, did she look the least bit content with their current situation. It appeared that she was much happier now that she’d saved his ass.

Jaune, for his part, was perfectly happy to let the woman have her moment, so he merely nodded at her and continued dashing through the woods.
