Turning to catch Blake’s attention, Jaune arched an eyebrow at the woman as if to ask what she had in mind. What they were about to do wasn’t going to require complicated strategy or a multifaceted plan. He was quite happy to let Blake take the lead if she wanted it.

With a small violent grin and an equally subtle nod, Blake instantly took off in a blur of extreme speed, leaving Jaune just standing there and scrambling to catch up. By the time he finished recruiting aura throughout the various muscles of his body, the woman had already leapt well over five meters into the air and was careening over the main body of the Grimm towards the apex of the bridge.

With a small, almost feline snarl of unleashed aggression, Blake slammed both of her feet down upon a Creep’s upper back, snapping its spine into a dozen different pieces before vaulting off of it and landing in a graceful superhero crouch. A split second later, she became an explosion of unrestrained violence, obliterating a wide swath of Grimm within just one or two seconds at the maximum.

By the time Jaune managed to perform his own aura leap over the main bulk of the Grimm host, he had plenty of room to land and just as much time to place himself at Blake’s back. Even as he set himself up in opposition to the 80 plus Grimm that were turning away from Croftlan in response to their arrival, Blake continued to tear apart the Grimm host’s frantically attacking main body. She moved like a chainsaw through their ranks, her katana and cleaver combo severing heads from shoulders and limbs from sockets in fluid movements that were almost too fast for him to perceive. In just the first 30 seconds of their very first battle together, Jaune was already well aware of just how fortunate he was to have landed Blake Belladonna as a partner.
Objectively speaking, Jaune was a highly competent young Huntsman, as he wasn't having too much trouble fending off wave after wave of the D rank Grimm that were attacking him while he cut deep debilitating holes into their bodies with sharp, efficient sword strokes. He bashed a Boarbatusk clear off of the land-bridge with a sweep of his shield, used the momentum that his swing had generated to send a high kick into the head of a leaping Beowulf and then stabbed his sword down into a creep's skull as he finished the rotation and regained his balance. Then he was firing a volley of dust rounds down into a pair of spider Grimm that were trying to sneak up on him from under the bridge, backslashing his blade through the neck of the same Beowulf that he'd just kicked, and stomping his foot down onto the head of a second Beowulf that was trying to bite into his ankle. Jaune was moving fast. He was keeping up with the chaos happening all around him. He felt both calm and competent.
