Roaaarrr!

Having learned his lesson during the fight with the Gryphon's back on the airship, Jaune instinctually leapt backwards as hard as he could, and he was just in time to avoid a claw slash from the second Ursa directly through the inky black cloud that its companion had left behind. Unfortunately, Jaune failed to watch where he was jumping and he forgot to control his aura-bolstered leg strength, with the end result being that he crash landed into the side of a nearby boulder. For the next second and a half, Jaune was far too busy trying to pull his right shoulder out of the crater that he'd just created in the side of the boulder to fend off the attack being launched at him by the second Ursa… He raised his shield. He prepared to use the force of the blow to free himself from the boulder...

He needn’t have bothered…

All of the sudden and seemingly out of nowhere, Blake was crouching on top of the sole remaining Ursa’s left shoulder, where she was raining dozens of rapidfire cuts and slashes down into the back of its unprotected head. When the beast attempted to slash up at her with both its claws, her entire body exploded into a burst of light and she was revealed crouching on its opposite shoulder with her swords still in motion. In what felt like no time at all, Blake had carved a nasty bowling ball sized hole in the back of the Ursa’s head, and she was dropping to the ground right through a dissipating cloud of black smoke.

As Blake walked up to his side and offered him a hand, Jaune forced himself not to sigh. It wasn’t as if he’d been trying to outdo his new partner or anything, but at the very least it’d have been nice to appear capable of taking care of himself. The chances were pretty good that the Ursa’s attack wouldn’t even have shaved off a tenth of his maximum aura, but to say that to Blake now would just seem… immature.

“In my experience, support types have a lot of trouble dealing with anything heavily armored like the Ursa you just destroyed,” Blake offered, in what was unmistakably some kind of consolation. “You’re not quite there yet, but you’re already more capable than most.”

“I appreciate your assistance as well as your encouragement, and I promise to continue improving myself,” Jaune responded as he brushed some rock dust off his shoulder and lower back. “In the meantime, we still have to eliminate two more yellow tier Grimm in order to meet the objectives of the Initiation test. I assume you’re fine with heading in the direction of Croftlan?”

Blake only nodded. Apparently, she hadn’t taken any hits worth mentioning from the low level Grimm that they’d fought so far
