After releasing a small, almost silent scoff, and completing a tiny shake of his head, Jaune closed his eyes and focused on his aura. Over the next thirty seconds, he poured his entire attention into having his nanobot armor cover his arms and legs in a very specific way. Then, when he finally had it looking and feeling just right, he cracked his neck and drew in a deep breath. He was ready. It was time.

Clink, clank, clunk!

With an abruptness that was startling even after watching a digital countdown, Jaune’s harnesses suddenly whipped back into their compartments, the fuselage wall behind him opened up, and he was ejected backwards out of the airship by a powerful jet of lukewarm air.

The blast of air was especially effective at forcing Jaune’s body out of the airship as he was currently doing something pretty creative with his reactive armor. After breathing out against a plugged nose to pop his ears, Jaune curled up into a ball and allowed his body to fall where it may for several moments. Then, when he finished tumbling a couple hundred feet away from the airship, he slowly stretched out both his arms and legs and held onto a flying squirrel pose with all of his strength.

The idea behind Jaune’s landing strategy was to create drag which would slow his descent. To accomplish this, he was forcing his reactive armor to do something extremely out of the ordinary. At the moment, both of his arms were attached to his torso and his legs were attached to each other by an extremely tough meshwork of nanobot material. The “wingsuit” that he’d created would allow him to glide horizontally just as much as he falls vertically, which would hopefully allow him to decrease the speed of his descent to well below terminal velocity.

A secondary bonus to the wingsuit he’d created was that Jaune should be able to steer his movement with far more ease than the rest of his class to find himself an ideal landing spot. While making use of the wingsuit would force Jaune to activate his reactive armor up to about 15 percent its maximum output, by decreasing the force of his landing he’d more than offset the cost to his aura reserves.

Theoretically it was a great idea. Now it was time to find out whether or not the damned thing actually worked...

The first half a minute that Jaune spent falling towards the ground was accomplished in a spiraling, flailing, out of control tumble, during which time he was barely able to keep himself from screaming out in fear. The second half of that same minute was spent with just as much flailing but noticeably less tumbling. By the time the second minute rolled around, Jaune was finally learning how to control his body while wearing the wingsuit, and he’d slowed his descent to about 1 third of its original velocity.

Finally, after about 2 minutes spent in free fall, Jaune was firmly in control of where he was going, and was free to study the staging area below. Right away Jaune could see that he was the only person who was the least bit concerned about the speed of his descent. The rest of his class were only visible as rapidly dropping dots far beneath him. Several of these dots were releasing dozens of tiny light flashes as they used their Dust guns to steer themselves in their desired direction. Obviously this was a technique that Jaune had seen before, and yet he’d always thought that it was rare…

This... this was what everyone kept calling a landing strategy?! Just spamming hundreds upon hundreds of Dust rounds indiscriminately towards Maidens only know where is considered a strategy?! As more and more light flashes lit up the forest below, Jaune grew to understand that heiress Schnee was even more capable than he’d given her credit for. The heiress was one of perhaps five or six people in their entire class whose Semblances were suited to aiding them in a free-fall. What this meant was that he’d been stressing himself out for weeks now trying to find a super clever strategy for no apparent reason…

Thankfully, the utility of Jaune’s new wingsuit was currently making all of the effort worth it.
