Jaune focused his attention on feeding aura into his reactive armor bands and mechashifting his shield into its rifle form.

Even as he manipulated a thin layer of his armor to grow around his body, Jaune fired a few investigatory dust rounds towards the 2 Ursa’s eyes, chest and various joints. The dust rounds were completely ineffective. The bullets didn’t do anything at all other than make the two yellow tier Grimm roar their anger towards the sky. Both Ursas were far too heavily armored to be injured by normal ballistic weapons. With a slow nod of grudging understanding, Jaune focused his aura as he slowly ran a finger down the length of his sword’s blade, and then he turned to regard Blake’s continuously fighting form. “I’m going to take out the Ursa at the rear and then fight my way back in this direction.”

After casting a glance over at the thin film of black material covering Jaune’s entire body, Blake stabbed a Creep in the eye and then swept a Beowolf off its feet with a low kick. “Don’t tell me,” She finally grunted out even as she continued to move. “Show me.”

Jaune had to admit, if only to himself, that that had been a pretty cool response… It was a little bit dismissive perhaps, but it was cool nonetheless... The woman had style… With a nod of his head, Jaune took two bounding steps and then aura leapt through the air over the 3 dozen remaining blue ranked Grimm to land behind the rearmost Ursa. As he expected would happen, the bear Grimm immediately swivelled in place, released a deafening roar and then launched a clawed forearm down at him in a downward sweeping movement with all of its weight behind it.

Stepping even closer to the Ursa’s body, Jaune threw his rifleshielded arm up towards its descending claws in a fantastically rapid sweeping motion with every ounce of his armor bolstered strength behind it. With a high pitched jarring crashing sound, Jaune’s shield slammed the beat’s claws right back up and into the air with enough force to send the entire Ursa windmilling to regain its balance. Then Jaune was dashing up against the beast’s legs even as he allowed his reactive shielding to flow back into its bands.
