2 very quiet minutes later, Jaune and Blake suddenly approached a deep gorge barring their way into the yellow testing area, and Jaune ended up staring down into its dark recesses with a speculative look on his face. "You know Blake… There must be a bridge or an outcropping of rock that spans this gap."
With a small sigh of tightly controlled impatience, Blake arched an eyebrow in Jaune’s direction. “Why bother finding a bridge though? We can just use our aura bolstered strength to leap across?”

“Yes, yes we could definitely do that, but if there is a bridge, it’ll be a natural choke point that many Grimm will gather at on their way to Croftlan Colony,” Jaune pointed out with a mischievous smile on his face. “If we position ourselves in the middle of said bridge, all of the Grimm remaining on this side of the gorge will be forced to approach us in ones or twos…”

“And we’ll rack up hundreds of relatively safe kills,” Blake finished with a small, bemused shake of her head. “Maidens help me John, I’m trying really hard not to resent how you make me feel, but I do find it a little bit difficult...”

As they turned to the right and started dashing along the edge of the gorge, Jaune cast Blake a sideways glance. “Since you’re being surprisingly forthcoming with me, I’d actually appreciate it if you’d explain how I just made you feel. I’m not seeking to cause discomfort for the people around me...”

As per the norm, Blake didn’t respond for several moments, and when she did it was in a very quiet voice. “I’ll explain because I don’t actually dislike you, and I don’t want you to think that I do… It’s the way that you think that throws me off balance… You’re like an old man in a young man’s body. You expect the teenagers around you to be both rational and reasonable and they’re not. You act like your ultra efficient plans and lofty ideals are just common sense, and they’re not. You make me feel dumb and immature, and I’m not…”

This time it was Jaune’s turn to open and shut his mouth with no idea what to say.
