“Mr. Freeman, if I could have a few moments of your time please.”

“Yes, professor,” Jaune immediately replied as he rose to his feet and moved towards the door.

"I don't want you to wear your armor in any of my combat classes until later in the semester," Goodwitch announced without any preamble right after Jaune joined her in the hallway. Along with her words, she handed over a box that contained Jaune's weapons and his armor in its metallic bands form.

"I'll lock the bands up in my storage locker during the day, and then I'll train with them during my free time. They're a truly excellent way of increasing my stamina," Jaune agreed with a slow, slightly reluctant nod of acceptance.

"I expected much more resistance from you," Goodwitch whispered as if to herself. "You seem the type to amass advantages wherever you can get them so that you can prevail against opponents that outclass you physically. I was prepared for you to become angry at me, because everyone else will have the use of their Semblances in the ring, and yet my rules are hindering the use of yours. You would've been right of course, but my request isn't meant to give you a hard time. My request is to force you to use a combination of your mind, your body and your aura to their fullest. In a few weeks' time, after you've become a far more versatile martial artist, I'll end the prohibition on the use of your tools, and you will see that all of the struggling was worth it."

After drawing in a deep breath to steel his nerves, Jaune took a step closer to his professor mentor and stared into her eyes with a completely serious expression on his face. "You're right, Professor. When I'm left to my own devices, I very much prefer to create advantages for myself whenever possible. I can't afford to do that right now… I need to improve my baseline martial arts as quickly as possible if I'm going to be an effective leader for such a gifted Platoon, which means I can't protect my pride at the expense of my self-improvement. It also means that I could really, really use your help."
