“According to my databanks, Ghira Belladonna is a Fauna’s chieftain and the old leader of the pacifistic White Fang groups of old,” Penny explained without any specific inflection in her voice. “The infrared light that I’m capable of sensing with my wider range of vision is informing me that Blake’s body heat is warmer than average like that of a Faunus, and she has what appears to be cat ears concealed within her black bow. I believe she is Ghira Belladonna’s daughter, currently missing and presumed to be a member of the White Fang terrorist group.”

“I’m extremely impressed that you haven’t attempted to subdue her yet,” Jaune immediately offered in a very proud tone of voice.

“I’m attempting to follow your advice,” Penny assured Jaune with a small bob of her head. “I’m exercising my judgment before I act because the world has many complications and shades of grey. However… I need your help this time. My core programming, which is extremely hard to subvert, dictates that I arrest White Fang members on sight, and I’m having trouble delaying a response. Do you have any intel on this woman?”

“I don’t believe Blake’s here to attack Weiss Schnee at the very least, because she immediately confronted her in the courtyard during our very first day here and that’s not how assassins operate,” Jaune brainstormed out loud. “I’ve also personally witnessed Blake putting herself in mortal peril for the sake of protecting human civilians, which is completely counter to the current White Fang’s modus operandi. Personally, I believe that Blake Belladonna has defected from the Fang and is legitimately trying to become a Huntress. I don’t have any proof, but I believe it all the same, and if at all possible I want to help her succeed.”

“All of that’s good to know and might help me muster up the willpower to continue defying my programming, but none of it is the conclusive evidence that I was hoping for,” Penny slowly replied, her voice containing a sense of urgency that spoke of growing amounts of discomfort.

For several moments in a row, Jaune stared down into Penny’s eyes as his mind flew through a state of extremely focused mental gymnastics. His little sister was suffering and that much was obvious. He refused to let this continue. He needed to think of a new perception. He needed to find a loophole...

And then an idea finally struck him, and Jaune’s breath hitched as a wave of profound relief immediately swept throughout his entire body…. It would work!

“I’ve got an idea,” Jaune breathed out, with a slightly mischievous smile growing across his face. “You and I, the two of us, we’re going to launch an in depth investigation on the White Fang right here, right now, and we’re going to use Blake as our very first lead.”

“How does this help me,” Penny began, before she suddenly froze in place, gasped in astonishment and then smiled from ear to ear. “I get it! I knew I could count on you big brother!”

“That’s right lil sis. We’re going to put one of your nanite tracking chips within Blake’s bow and then we’re going to periodically investigate her movements,” Jaune announced with a knowing nod of his head. “This way, your core programming will label Blake as an asset in an ongoing investigation and will stop harassing you to arrest her.”
