Over the next hour and a half, as Jaune completed a very thorough full-body work-out using his new 10 percent aura control, a couple of things became increasingly clear.

The fact that stuck out right away was that the first 5 percent of aura that Jaune unlocked the day before most likely represented the largest gain of raw power that he was likely to experience, as it had allowed him to nearly triple his baseline muscular stamina and double his raw strength. When he’d pushed himself to his limits once again today with his newly attained 10 percent aura control, he’d found that while his stamina had doubled once again, his strength had only multiplied by 1.5. It appeared that Jaune wasn’t going to continue doubling and tripling his strength with every 5 percent of aura that he gained, but that he could still expect to experience significant improvements on a regular basis.

Considering the fact that Jaune’s current 10 percent aura control allowed him to become 2.5 times stronger than he’d been when he woke up on Monday morning, he had a hard time being anything other than extremely happy with his current level of improvement. It also tended to indicate that Jaune was going to become quite a bit stronger than normal when he finally achieved a normal Beacon Academy Trainee’s level of aura control.

If for instance, Jaune were to continue gaining the same amount of strength that he had so far with every 10 percent of aura use that he gained from this point forward, Jaune would end up with a body that could channel aura to gain up to 15 times its baseline strength. Unfortunately, that outcome was rather unlikely… Judging by the plateauing that he could already see happening in his strength gains at the lower percentage improvements that he was currently making, the chances that Jaune’s improvement would continue to be that dramatic were slim. Still… Considering the fact that most veteran Hunters peak at 6 times their normal baseline attributes and most S rankers push their entire careers to get themselves somewhere around 7 times…

Jaune might very well become exactly what Blake had called him the other day… A monster of raw strength and stamina…

Time would have to tell...

The second fact that Jaune found out through the use of one of the gym’s turbocharged high speed treadmills was that his movement speed and agility was also being bolstered by approximately 2.5 times its baseline norm, which would be a huge game changer if he ever managed to maintain all of his current aura control in a fight…The number one thing that Jaune could do to improve in that regard was continue completing those Katas with Blake every single night, and continue increasing the speed that they moved while performing them with every single repetition. Likewise, Pyrrha’s sparring sessions would end up being completely invaluable, because they’d give him a chance to iron out all of the kinks that came with all of the newfound speed and strength.

As Jaune’s drive to continue improving caught fire and then exploded within his chest, he found a wide and irrepressible smile growing unbidden across his whole entire face.
