She was shaking from head to toe in fear. She was completely freaking out….

Then Olive suddenly realized exactly what her brother had in mind, and she slowly nodded her face down into the cotton shirt covering his shoulder.

“Okay Olive. The first category is food,” Jaune explained, even as he turned a corner to find three dozen Ants completely shredding an old man’s lower body. Then he was rapidly backpedaling around the corner, scrambling through a wide open front door and then dashing through the back door of the old man’s house. “The first word is cake, Olivia,” he panted out. “You know, like that really nice red velvet cake that we had earlier.”

“Eclair,” Olivia slowly countered in a shaky little voice directly into the flesh of Jaune’s shoulder.

“Genius, my twin sister’s a genius,” Jaune murmured as if the word ‘eclair’ was the key to deciphering some long lost and forgotten language. As he spoke, he dashed under a recently created hole in a fence, snuck carefully up to the opening of a well-tended courtyard, and then started running as fast as he could across a brick paved street towards the garden store he’d asked about. “My next word is raisin.”

“Nachos,” Olivia breathed out even as her brother carried the two of them into the garden store and began running down a very wet and humid aisle.

“S’mores,” Jaune wheezed out in a breathless little voice as he skidded to a stop at the end of an aisle. Then he suddenly released a loud sigh of relief, and dashed towards a series of large jugs. Without a second’s hesitation, he started unscrewing the lids off of every single jug on the display and Olivia was curling her nose at the overpowering smell.

“You know Olivia. Back at Arc Castle, peppermint oil is used as a bug repellant because ants really don’t like the smell,” Jaune explained even as he overturned several large jugs of the stuff to pour it all down over their heads, shoulders, backs, stomachs and thighs.

Within just a few seconds, both Jaune and Olivia were completely doused in the powerfully minty and sticky oil and were dripping all over the concrete floor.

“Okay, we probably smell pretty bad to the Ant Grimm at this point,” Jaune sighed out with a somewhat relieved expression on his face. “Now that we’ve made it hard for the Ants to scent us out, whatever fear or unhappiness we might be feeling is the only thing that’ll draw them in our direction. I want you to do something for me Olive. I want you to close your eyes, hug me tightly, and focus your entire mind on a really, really happy thought.” Even as he said those words, Jaune peeked his head out towards the aisle and caught sight of the swell of Ants from earlier spilling into the store.

“I… I can do that for you,” Olivia whispered as she burrowed her face down into the side of Jaune’s neck and tightly closed her eyes. “I… I love my brother! I love my brother. I love my brother so so so so much,” she started repeating like a mantra over and over again.

“I love you too lil sis, and that’s exactly what I’m going to be focusing on,” Jaune assured her with a slight hitch to his voice that proved he meant every single word. Even as he said those words, he was cracking upon the last jug of the oil, moving them further down the aisle to where a ladder led up to a loft area of the store, and was pouring the oil all over their legs to slowly puddle beneath their feet.

Later on, Olivia would come to understand that her brother was prepared for the two of them to flee up the ladder if his plan didn’t work, but that he needed to find out if the peppermint oil was going to be effective.

Over the next half a minute, as the clicking and clacking of the Ant surge grew steadily closer and Olivia focused her entire mind on the boy that she was hugging, she felt Jaune draw in an extremely deep breath to swell his lungs to capacity, and then let it all out very, very slowly.

And then Olivia knew exactly what her brother was doing...

Jaune Arc was currently becoming a tyrannical dictator towards the inner workings of his own mind. Unlike Olivia, Jaune simply couldn’t afford to close his eyes or look away from the incoming Ants, so he was exerting extreme amounts of control over his emotions instead. The specific cadence of his breathing was the clue. The breathing was the physical cue to the beginnings of an old family mental exercise. Jaune was actively willing himself to become far braver than any sane human can possibly hope to be. He was forcing his mind into a placid state of extreme calm with every scrap of willpower that he possessed. He was making his mind completely invisible to the Grimm.

Olivia’s heart immediately swelled with pride at how strong her twin brother really was. What he was currently trying was an extremely difficult and esoteric mind art that required a completely absurd level of mental discipline. In response to his efforts, she focused on the pride that she was feeling to the exclusion of all else… and then she began hearing the clicking noises moving off into the deeper recesses of the store.

The swell of Ant Grimm that had followed Jaune and Olivia all the way down the block, were flowing seemingly aimlessly down the central aisle of the store, and were scurrying in a circle around the general area that the two of them were standing in. The Ants didn’t know where they were at the moment, but they did know that they wanted to avoid the peppermint oil pooled all over the floor.

Jaune’s plan was working. It was working!
