“I’ll be casting my aura throughout your body using my Semblance in order to bolster your constitution at the cellular level,” Jaune described along with a small sigh of frustration. “I’m not sure why you ladies think I’m going out of my way to make my aura feel like anything at all, but I assure you that I’m not.”

The only response that Weiss made to Jaune’s words was a small nod of understanding.

“Actually there’s something that I need to speak with you about before we complete any changes to your body,” Jaune began as he turned his attention back in Weiss’s direction. “As a by-product of the changes that I’ll be making to the density of your bones, muscles and tendons, you’ll eventually become almost a third heavier than you are right now. While the changes will make you physically faster and stronger than you are right now, I wanted to ask you whether or not they’ll hinder the use of your launchpad Glyphs?”

At first Weiss only shook her head in the negative, but then, when Jaune didn’t stop looking over at her, she quickened her pace until she was walking at his side. “My launchpad Glyph is a mixture of anti-gravity, anti-mass, anti-friction, and a powerful instantaneous movement Glyph, which means that weight and mass are essentially irrelevant to how fast they can make a person move. In fact, any added mass that you can give my body will only make me hit my intended target harder when I land.”

Jaune immediately smiled in unconcealed relief. “I’m glad to hear that there won’t be any complications keeping you from taking part.”

“What about you John? How heavy are you right now?” Weiss looked a little bit out of her depth at this point, presumably because she wasn’t used to treating the people around her like equals.

“Before I altered my body constitution, I weighed about 150 Pounds, which is on the lighter side of the spectrum for a man of my height, but that made sense because I have a very low body fat percentage,” Jaune explained with a shrug. “I weigh 225 Pounds now…”

“That’s… quite a bit more than one third,” Weiss slowly pointed out.
