After parrying aside the sharply pointed end of Clay’s warhammer, Jaune slashed his sword across his opponent’s ribs, ducked under a return kick that the boy sent towards his face, delivered a hard triplet of sword slashes into the boy’s stomach and thighs and then smashed his shield into the side of his face. In the seconds that followed, Clay Hawthorn ragdolled across four meters of the arena floor and his aura levels dropped from 91 to 54.

“It’s hard to even compare John’s fighting today to what it was like on Monday,” Pyrrha pointed out with a smile.

Weiss restrained herself from replying with any enthusiasm because she was an Atlesian and old habits were hard to kick. One the other hand, she didn’t even try to keep a satisfied smile from growing across her face as the two of them settled in to watch what was beginning to look like a very one sided little fight.

But that was the moment when things started getting… weird.

The next time Jaune closed in to exchange a series of blows with his opponent, Mr. Hawthorn started pivoting to aim the muzzle end of his flamethrower directly at his face, and instead of moving even closer to avoid the danger entirely, Jaune launched himself backwards instead. As a result of his panicked reaction, Jaune ended up having the aura field around his legs cooked by a powerful gout of red Dust fueled fire.

After landing about five meters back and skidding to a stop on newly melted shoes, Jaune’s eyes visibly widened in alarm at his own reaction and he violently shook out his head. Then, with a mouth clenched in a mixture of determination and self-recrimination, the man began dashing in towards his opponent again with his weapons at the ready.

Not even three seconds later, when Clay launched a relatively slow, telegraphed and easily avoidable warhammer blow directly at Jaune’s face, the man was leaping backwards with so much desperation that he landed on his back and skidded three meters across the floor. He gasped in a mixture of surprise and shock, visibly broke out into a cold sweat, turned as pale as a white sheet of paper, and stared down at his newly trembling hands.

Jaune was scared. No. Jaune was completely terrified.

Several of the people sitting in the stands appeared to know exactly what was causing Jaune's current bout of extreme cowardice, but Weiss was completely flabbergasted. She'd seen Jaune fight against odds that would've reduced an A ranker to sweating without a single trace of hesitation in the past. She couldn't even fathom why he might lose his nerve right now during some no nothing spar.

"It hurts doesn't it… the fear I mean," Clay suddenly called out as he swung his hammer from side to side and advanced on Jaune like a stalking predator. "It steals your breath, it saps your strength, it frays your nerves, it causes all manner of psychological debuffs. Fortunately for you, my Semblance is actually rather well known around here, so I'll give you the courtesy of an explanation. If I'm allowed to move at less than half speed for long enough, and the pheromones that I release during that time have a few minutes to flow throughout my opponent's system, my Semblance can actually cause a person's fear to grow out of control… It's not pleasant. You have my sympathies Mr. Freeman, you really, really do… but you were far too cautious at the start of this fight, and your little winning streak is coming to an end…"
