"It hurts doesn't it… the fear I mean," Clay suddenly called out as he swung his hammer from side to side and advanced on Jaune like a stalking predator. "It steals your breath, it saps your strength, it frays your nerves, it causes all manner of psychological debuffs. Fortunately for you, my Semblance is actually rather well known around here, so I'll give you the courtesy of an explanation. If I'm allowed to move at less than half speed for long enough, and the pheromones that I release during that time have a few minutes to flow throughout my opponent's system, my Semblance can actually cause a person's fear to grow out of control… It's not pleasant. You have my sympathies Mr. Freeman, you really, really do… but you were far too cautious at the start of this fight, and your little winning streak is coming to an end…"

As he spoke, Clay Hawthorn loomed over Jaune causing the boy to flinch, jerk back, and flounder to move his body. Judging purely by the way that he was scrabbling his forearms against the ground beneath his back, Jaune wasn’t going to be able to move or dodge. He stared up at Clay as if the boy were a legendary class Grimm, and was reduced to drawing in extremely deep and desperate lungfuls of air as if he was having trouble merely remaining conscious.

Both Weiss and Pyrrha found themselves tightly squeezing the armrests of their seats as they leaned forward over the railing and stared down at their new Platoon Captain. They willed the man to move, to do absolutely anything at all...

With a small triumphant smile, Clay slowly drew his warhammer up well above his head, turned its face so that the spiked side would land the blow, and then heaved the weapon down at Jaune’s head with every ounce of his aura bolsters strength.

Crump!

“Gasp!” By this point, both Weiss and Pyrrha were up on their feet.

At the very last second, Jaune had rolled his body a single foot to the right so that the spike of the warhammer just barely missed him and penetrated a foot into the ground instead. Now he was holding onto the firing mechanism of the warhammer’s flamethrower with a grotesque looking smile growing clear across his visibly fearful features.

Without a second’s hesitation, Clay immediately released the haft of the warhammer and tried to leap away. He tried to dodge.

He was far too late.

When Jaune depressed the trigger that would release the flamethrower’s payload, Clay’s entire upper body was immediately engulfed in a violent outpouring of flames that knocked him clear off of his feet and left him flopping around the floor in a bid to smother the flames. In the meantime, Jaune shakily rose back up to his feet, slowly pulled the warhammer’s spike out of its hole in the floor, threw the weapon clear up into an empty patch of stands, retrieved his weapons, and then began moving in the direction of his opponent.

When Clay finally managed to put out the last of the flames burning at his aura field and singeing his clothing, he immediately caught sight of Jaune moving in his direction, and his mouth dropped open into an “O”. “Ha, how did you trick me?! How are you moving like that?! You should be completely petrified right now! No! You are petrified right now! I know you are! I’m still releasing the pheromones that induce terror!”

“Yes… I am… afraid,” Jaune haltingly admitted in a haggard and heavily burdened tone of voice. “Every Hunter… will feel… this way… at some point. It’s vital to learn… control.” Even as he groaned out those words, Jaune continued drawing in extremely deep breaths, filling his lungs to max capacity and then letting it all out very, very slowly. With every single repetition, Jaune’s complexion improved and the trembling in his body decreased. By the time he’d moved up to stand directly over Clay, he was almost completely back to normal, was twisting the sword in his hand to test out his dexterity, and was slamming the sword pommel against his shield. Then he was raising his sword up high above his head and he was giving Clay a very meaningful look.

Clay Hawthorn didn't have his weapon anymore. Clay Hawthorn's Semblance wasn't having the effect he was used to. Even if he did somehow manage to steal his opponent's weapon, his aura was already down to 29 percent.

With a sigh, Clay Hawthorn patted the ground at his side three times in a silent form of surrender.

“Fight over! Winner John Freeman,” Professor Goodwitch immediately called out.
