After slashing her shield down at John’s knees, Pyrrha turned to kick his shield aside and then she used the rapid series of sweeping kicks that followed to conceal a quick use of her polarity Semblance. In less than a split second, her Semblance allowed her to draw her metal spear around her back at a rapid rate even as she dashed forward to shield-bash John using both of her hands. Then, when the man managed to sidestep the full weight of her shield, she grabbed up her spear and stabbed at him from a location that should’ve been physically impossible to arrange.

Fwoosh… Thump… The sound of displaced air was immediately followed by the sound of a body hitting the ground.

Pyrrha’s stabbing attack… had missed…

No. Wait… That wasn’t what happened...

John had dodged backwards with enough desperate force that he’d tripped and fell onto his butt just a split second before Pyrrha’s attack arrived.

How... in... the... hell...

Pyrrha’s high speed movements immediately slid to a stop as a mixture of surprise and confusion made her completely forget about the spar that they were having.

She couldn’t figure it out.

John would’ve been far too slow to dodge that particular spear thrust even if he was a proficient enough martial artist to do so, which he wasn’t. Not yet anyway... Instead, the man appeared to have known about her attack ahead of time… but… how? How did John predict that her spear would come stabbing at him from an oblique angle that started from a concealed location behind her back? Much, much more experienced fighters had tried and failed to anticipate that exact move in the past…

There was only one conclusion that made any sense, and only because of who it was that Pyrrha was sparring against… She stared down at John with a newly serious expression on her face.

It didn’t take long for John to catch on to the sudden intensity of her gaze, at which point he started staring right back up at her.

“How long have you known,” Pyrrha suddenly asked without any preamble.

“By the end of our second spar,” John quietly admitted.

“How?” Pyrrha needed to know exactly what clues had revealed her Semblance so that she could do a better job of hiding them from her opponents in the future.

“It’s not something you did, Pyrrha. You never gave away any noticeable tells,” John immediately assured with a small but meaningful shake of his head. “I figured out your Semblance by accident, when what I was really trying to do was get to know you better. I was watching you very, very closely as we sparred, and I found myself wondering about that armor of yours... The armor that you wear every day in all of our spars and combat classes is the world famous ‘Goddess of Victory’ armor, which at first I found… odd... Considering your current desire to avoid any and all notoriety over here in Vale, it would’ve made a lot more sense for you to rebrand yourself, change your image, hang up the armor... but you didn’t... You wear that armor every single day, even though it makes you stand out like a sore thumb...”

Even as she nodded her head at the accuracy of John’s conjecture, Pyrrha found herself amazed at the massive leap of logic that his current line of reasoning represented.

“The next thing that I noticed was that your weapons, Miló and Akoúo̱, are specifically designed to maximize your mobility,” John continued as he slowly rose back up to his feet. You can use your rifle-spear to spontaneously launch your body in any direction that you desire, and your rebounding shield techniques even allow you to change directions in midair. You’re fast, highly agile, and more often than not... airborne... While keeping all of these things in mind, it didn’t make much sense to me that you would wear so much heavy metal wrapped around your arms and your legs…”

Once again Pyrrha nodded as John put together the different clues, and she began to see how he’d figured her out.

“So you see,” John concluded in a newly quiet and serious tone of voice. “The armor that you’re wearing doesn’t make sense psychologically, nor does it make any sense physically. The fact of the matter is that the armor you’re currently wearing doesn’t make much sense at all... Unless…”

“Unless the armor allows me to push for extra speed and strength using a Semblance that applies to metals,” Pyrrha slowly finished, amazement clear to hear in her voice. Then she paused and some, but not all, of the intensity returned to her expression. “I’ve never used my Semblance on you though… Today was the very first time that I used it, when I pulled that trick with my spear. I’m sorry about that by the way. I was just having a lot of fun…”

By this point John was shaking his head and a smile was growing across his face. “Don't apologize, Pyrrha. You’ve been immensely patient while sparring with a much, much weaker opponent. I’m happy that you’re having fun because so am I, and I look forward to our daily sparring sessions...”

“H..How did you know that I was going to use my Semblance though,” Pyrrha persisted as a bright red flush started heating up her cheeks.

“It was subtle, but I managed to catch on to an unusual intensity growing in your eyes,” John replied while staring into her eyes again as if to demonstrate his point. “Of course, I didn’t know anything for certain, but I was keeping an eye open for unconventional attacks, and then I couldn’t find your spear...”

“You… really are, a dangerous man,” Pyrrha whispered just loud enough to hear.

“Not quite yet,” John corrected with a small feral grin on his face. “But since my sparring partner is absolutely incredible, I’ll be very disappointed with myself if I don’t get there over the next few months.”
