Truth be told, Pyrrha lost quite a bit of time at the beginning of the week worrying on John’s behalf, because at the time she considered his ingrained self-confidence seriously misplaced. Beacon Academy is one of the best and most competitive Hunter Academies in all of Remnant, and yet John was freely admitting to having almost no training at all regarding the very basics of aura control.

The man’s admission had sent a chill of unease coursing up and down the length of Pyrrha’s spine. She couldn’t even imagine being that unprepared and vulnerable...

By the time combat classes started on Monday morning, Pyrrha was all but certain that John’s school life was about to unravel into a hellish nightmare of unanswered beatings and nearly constant humiliation. Try as she might, she wasn’t able to figure out even a half decent reason why Professor Goodwitch was barring the boy from wearing his reactive armor. She also couldn’t figure out why John was so enthusiastic about the restrictions that were being placed upon him. Even after their first combat class ended, during which time John managed to make easy work of Shale Pine, Pyrrha still found herself expecting the boy to get demolished by the more capable trainees that would follow, such as Ochre, Hawthorn and Coal…

Except of course, none of those beatings ever ended up happening…

What happened instead, was that John Freeman noticeably and visibly enjoyed every single second of his first week at Beacon Academy, even during those times when the odds were stacked up against him. What’s more, the man had reacted to all of the opposition that he faced during their combat classes with such an impeccable mixture of intelligence and ice-cold-cleverness that the rest of their class started to believe that he was merely slowing himself down on purpose…

Without a doubt, John’s ability to learn, adapt, and then survive in new, foreign and hostile environments was one of the most impressive things that Pyrrha had ever seen in her whole entire life. She couldn’t even imagine how she’d have reacted if their circumstances were reversed. Maidens help her… One of the primary reasons why Pyrrha was so unbelievably well-trained in the first place was because she was trying to compensate for her own character defects. She was absolutely terrible at fending off feelings of inadequacy and her sense of shame was less than a millimeter away from her comfort zone.
