Then Miltia moved to stand behind Jaune and he was forced to turn aside to keep both girls in his peripheral vision, and he realized that his self-talk was just that… talk. He didn’t have a plan yet, and until he did, he was fighting at a disadvantage…

It was in that moment that Jaune came to a decision. He needed to practice using the elevated state of cognition that he could use by activating every square inch of his brain at exactly the same time. Well… Now was as good a time as any two give it a try…

When Miltia suddenly released a loud snarl of aggression, it was actually Melanie that attacked from Jaune’s other side, sweeping a bladed kick at his head that had him ducking even as his armor finished covering his entire torso. As Melanie’s blade-shoe grazed a single hair on his head, Jaune pushed her foot faster through her kick aiming to disrupt her balance, turned to react to a blur of movement at his back and swept an armored elbow back to slam Miltia’s hand away from his neck. Then both girls were swerving to the opposite position that they’d started in, and they were giving Jaune twin looks of intense surprise.

“You really have been holding back in the combat classes,” Miltia accused in a furious sounding voice.

“We thought that rumor was bullshit,” Melanie added even as she swept another kick in towards Jaune’s back and then disappeared when he started turning in her direction.

“We’ve been holding back in the sparring as well,” Miltia added as she moved seamlessly with her sister to keep Jaune’s body stretched to the limit to keep both girls in sight.

Over the next half a minute, Jaune moved like a madman merely to block the perfectly choreographed blows flying at his torso, head and face, his fully activated brain flying through trajectories and arcs and parabolas, as he aimed to figure out the extremely odd fighting style and Semblance that these girls appeared to be using. On the bright side, his armor allowed him to move faster than either of these girls, and his hyper-optimized brain allowed him to perceive everything that was happening around his body in an increasingly painful but crystal clear variety of slow motion.

During the second half of that same minute, all of the Atlesian dance training that Jaune had received as a pre-teen actually started paying off in a major way, when he found himself almost unconsciously avoiding attacks that appeared to be a complex fusion of interpretive dance, ballet, Swing, Tai Chi and Krav Maga. The girls did have a fighting style… It was just extremely obscure and enormously rhythmic in nature…

From that point forward, Jaune found that he could generally predict the girls’ movements with enough accuracy that he could block their attacks despite the fact that it was almost impossible to keep them both within his line of sight. The girls were gifted dancers. They must have grown up loving ballet and post-modern and swing, and these dance styles were infecting their fighting style to an absolutely absurd degree.

Despite the fact that the twins were currently doing their level best to maim him… it was still just a little bit cute…

With a small, slightly mischievous smile on his face, Jaune moved to start giving both of these girls exactly what they wanted, mostly because the alternative was to completely destroy the bar and endanger his civilian friends. He ducked and sidestepped and swiveled and bent and turned, as he eased a clawed fist up and away from his face, and then pressed close enough to a sweeping kick to turn it into a tight little pirouette instead, and his tactics worked because neither of these girls could help themselves. They were dancers through and through... It was a huge part of their identity…

Jaune Arc danced with the Malachite sister’s even as he completely diffused every single one of their attacks, and for several minutes in a row, it was only the people observing from the outside that had a single clue…

Melanie shrieked in frustration as she once again attempted to sweep a slicing dance-esque kick at her adversary only to have him pull off what looked like a tango move in return when he closed, grabbed her by the thigh and then turned to place her directly in the way of her sister’s next claw attack.

Miltia stopped on a dime just a split second before her claws would’ve hit her sister even though she should’ve had no idea what was happening on the other side of Jaune’s body…

And that was the moment when both of the Malachite sister’s visibly realized that ‘John Freeman’ was fucking with them. He’d completely figured them out. He knew how they moved…

"So you girls are empathically linked," Jaune remarked with a small nod of his head and a casual smile on his face. "Cool Semblance... Cool fighting style too... Look, I'd much rather just dance it out with you two than keep fighting and endanger all of the civilians around us... Any interest in putting aside the weapons?..."
