“Good morning Pyrrha,” John quietly offered even as he began strafing to the right and assessing the positions of her arms.

The reason why Pyrrha didn’t reply with words was because she was far, far too busy enjoying the look in John’s eyes. They were the eyes of a tactical fighter dissecting their opponent, and they gave her the chills. Instead of saying anything at all, she quickly moved to clash with the man, swept her spear in its shortest form down at his head and then followed her attack with several more stabs and a sweep of her shield. It had to be said that she was currently moving at only 2.5 times civilian norms, but for John, who was still very new to this level of rapid movement, he was already having to focus quite a bit to match her step for step. As she’d learned to expect from the man, over the next twenty to thirty seconds, John’s sense for the speed that they were moving at visibly improved, and he started poking at her defences with clever little chops, stabs, and slashes that had her picking up the pace.

For the fourth day in a row, Pyrrha marveled at John’s ability to perceive his opponent and begin moving in ways specifically designed to be a pain in the butt. It wasn’t as if he was figuring out her movements to the extent that he was tearing open her defences or anything, but the way that John tended to make her extend herself that extra inch or two away from what she considered good form or pull away when she’d intended to push never failed to make her smile in enjoyment.

Of course Pyrrha’s enjoyment always reflected in her excitement, and her excitement always reflected in her speed. In that way, you could always tell how happy Pyrrha Nikos was with her sparring partner based on how fast she was raining blows down upon their body. It was no surprise to her that very few people voluntarily sparred with her on an ongoing basis.

John Freeman was so damned durable though… It was almost as if he was made for her…

Very suddenly, Pyrrha’s movement speed grew faster by a significant margin, and John’s eyes widened in surprise.

Pyrrha wasn’t surprised in the least… Instead, she was very, very excited...

Within the next ten minutes, Pyrrha found herself moving well over 5 times the speed of a civilian, and John’s limbs were a blur of desperate movement trying to fend her off. Normally, they’d still be moving somewhere around 4 times the norm so that John could more easily acclimate, but Pyrrha had run out of self-control at some point and she was flying around her opponent with a manic and happy smile on her face.
