“Will Mr. Shale Pine and Mr. John Freeman please come down into the arena.

After a brief trip to pick up the weapons that they’d stowed in a bank of nearby lockers, Jaune and a very wiry boy by the name of Shale returned to the arena and stood about 5 meters apart.

“You are both well aware of the rules,” Goodwitch announced with her usual formality. “You are to immediately stop attacking your adversary when the monitor on their wrist indicates that their aura has dropped below 10 percent. You will stop attacking your opponent immediately if I tell you to stop.”

As Jaune and his adversary Shale nodded their understanding, he took the opportunity to check out his opponent’s mental state. Shale looked like his fight or flight instincts were beginning to run wild. He was shaking where he stood, breathing heavily and staring at Jaune as if he was his mortal enemy.

Jaune could work with this. The boy wasn’t likely to attack him right away, which meant that he could take the time to probe him for more information…

“Fight,” Professor Goodwitch suddenly barked out in a very loud and commanding tone of voice.

As he instantly dashed to the left, Jaune pulled his hand out of his pocket and withdrew some miscellaneous rocks that he’d brought along simply to screw with whoever his opponent ended up being. Then, after throwing the rocks in a loose grouping in Shale’s general direction, he mechashifted his shield into its rifle form and slid to a random stop.

As Jaune had suspected might happen with an opponent as keyed up as Shale, the boy immediately pulled out his twin pistol-knives, and cut the rocks into dozens of pieces when their velocity suddenly slowed to a crawl in the air.

And just like that, the boy had given away the utility of his Semblance.

Mr. Shale appeared to have a Semblance that slowed incoming objects. Depending on how slow he could get an object, how much mass that object could have or how many people the boy could offer that same protection, his Semblance could be extremely useful, but it appeared that this boy merely used it as a defense mechanism or a panic reaction. It was too bad really. It was wasted potential.

After growling in anger, presumably over his own overreaction, Shale immediately launched himself towards Jaune, and began throwing dozens of knife slashes at him at an extremely rapid rate. It was immediately apparent to the both of them that Shale was a little bit faster than Jaune so the boy's face took on a look of feral glee at having found an easy opponent. Then the rail thin boy started growling in increasing amounts of frustration because Jaune was dashing backwards every single time he approached, and he was waving his sword haphazardly in the general direction of his face.

Soon enough, the audience in the stands started laughing uproariously at Jaune, because he was persistently retreating backwards to slip away from Shale’s attacks, and he was waving his sword wildly at his opponent’s face as if he was nothing but a panicking beginner.

Over and over again this pattern repeated itself. Shale would attack with a fast pace flurry of stabbing knives, and Jaune would break off while slicing his sword in the direction of the boy's eyes to create distance.

It was only after about two and a half minutes of this routine went by that the laughter taking place in the stands slowly came to an end and a stony silence took its place. Something that the audience hadn’t noticed until around that time suddenly became far too obvious to miss.

Shale’s aura levels were decreasing with every single random swing of Jaune’s weapon towards his face, as Shale flinched and then used his Semblance to slow the sword down, wasting a huge amount of his aura in the process.

Jaune’s plan of attack was boring. It was cheap. It was shameful.

It was making Professor Goodwitch honest to Oum smile for everyone in the Auditorium to witness...

“Fight over,” Goodwitch loudly called out when Shale’s aura finally dropped down into the red. “Winner, John Freeman.”

“But professor,” Shale immediately called out in an outraged tone of voice. “That boy never even came near me!”

“Which is why you absolutely must learn how to control when and under what circumstances your Semblance activates,” Goodwitch pointed out with zero sympathy on her face. “In less than five minutes’ time, your opponent just forced you to drain your own aura pool down to ten percent by making you slow down a series of blows that would never have hit you!”

After flinching away from Goodwitch’s words like a whipped dog, Shale nodded his head in a begrudging form of understanding and then slowly turned away.
