Oblivious to Jaune’s thoughts and aiming to stay on schedule, Professor Goodwitch suddenly rounded the corner at the end of the hall, and disappeared from sight.

Of course that was the exact moment when Jaune caught sight of Cardin Winchester in his peripheral vision, sprinting directly at him from his right hand side. A powerful surge of adrenaline immediately flowed throughout his veins as he realized that he was currently under attack.

All of the other members of Platoon number 1 also noticed Cardin dashing full speed towards Jaune, but none of them were in a position to intervene before it was too late. Ruby actually did begin dashing back down the hallway to knock the larger boy off course, but as fast as she was, she’d noticed Cardin’s intentions just a little too late.

As he instinctually saturated his entire brain with an enormous amount of aura to speed up his thoughts and slow down his perception of time, Jaune saw that Cardin was aiming to shove him into an open rocket-locker and then send his body flying off to Maidens only know where. Then Jaune took in the larger trainee’s face and saw that his expression already contained a malevolent form of glee over what he was about to do, and the reality of his current situation fully solidified within his mind. Cardin Winchester planned on victimizing him in order to make himself look big, strong and important in comparison, which meant that reasoning with the boy was never, ever going to work...

With all of that being the case, Jaune suddenly realized that there was only one really appropriate way of responding to Cardin’s intentions...

After spontaneously crouching low as if he was aiming to re-tie one of his shoes, Jaune braced his legs, swerved his entire torso in the direction of his attacker, and then delivered a devastating uppercut punch directly into the larger boy’s balls. Jaune hit Cardin hard, he hit him fast, he poured a metric ton of aura into the muscles powering the blow, and he followed through with all of his might in order to completely pulverize the boy's testicles up and into the bones of his pelvis.

Jaune held absolutely nothing back. It was one of the hardest punches that he’d ever delivered in his whole entire life...

Needless to say, Cardin was extremely lucky that his aura field spread out the force of Jaune’s blow throughout his inner thighs, ass and stomach, or he’d immediately have lost all ability to use his reproductive organs.

What happened instead was that Cardin released a high pitched, pain filled squeak, as his feet were launched clear off of the ground, causing all of his forward momentum to make him flip up and over Jaune’s back, and send his newly upside down body crashing into the bank of lockers. Then the boy was slamming head first down into the floor just a foot away from the wide open rocket-locker, and he was clutching desperately at his testicles with both of his hands.

With a cold and merciless brand of efficiency, Jaune immediately launched back up to his feet, yanked Cardin’s head up off the floor by the back of his highly gelled hair, and slammed the boy’s face down into the bottom of the nearby rocket-locker. Next he grabbed a hold of the wide open locker door, reeled back, and began front kicking the door closed against Cardin’s head over and over and over again. With every scrap of aura that he contained powering the muscles of his back and legs, Jaune slammed his foot down into the metal hemming in the boy’s head, bending and cratering both the door and the opposite wall of the locker into a misshapen shell wrapped around every inch of the boy’s skull.

While an aura field can and will shield you from blunt force trauma, the effectiveness of that protection is significantly reduced when it comes to crush damage, because the pressure being applied by the two opposing forces colliding inwards can’t easily be distributed throughout the body. By the time Jaune was finished kicking the metal door into a very lumpy “C” shape all around Cardin’s head, he’d rung the boy’s bell hard enough that his eyes were swimming and he was struggling merely to stay conscious...

With the grizzly deed accomplished, Jaune stared down at Cardin’s newly stunned and twitching body for just the briefest of moments, calmly turned around, and then started walking away. Rather than looking upset, Jaune’s expression was that of a man that had just done something distasteful, as if he’d been forced to throw out a particularly sticky and rancid bag of garbage...

For several moments in a row, the shocked silent members of Platoon number 1 continued to move down the hallway with Jaune as if nothing had ever happened at all. Then they all seemed to lose a battle of wills within themselves and they turned back to look at Cardin’s weakly floundering body...

“You’re a complete barbarian,” Weiss whispered in a breathy voice that sounded both appalled and… excited...

“Yep, that was brutal,” Yang casually agreed with what might have been a grin trying to grow upon her face.
