“This simulation is called the Kobayashi Maru, and it will be filled with danger in every single direction right from the beginning,” Goodwitch explained as Jaune’s back settled down into the chair. “It will behoove you to begin channelling all of your aura through your entire body right away so that you can start running and defending yourself.”

“I understand,” Jaune agreed as his perception of the world suddenly changed, and he found himself in a twilit clearing in what looked like Forever Fall Forest. Looking down at his hands, he saw that he was holding his rifle-shield and knuckle-duster-saber. Then he saw hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of red glowing eyes out in the darkness, and his eyes grew as wide as dinner plates.

In the next moment, Jaune was channelling his aura down and throughout his body, and he was sprinting out of the clearing in the direction that was the least riddled with eyes. Soon enough, Jaune was bouncing from tree to tree as if Taiyang Xiao Long was after him, and he was firing Dust rounds right and left to throw off the Grimm that were coming in from his sides.

The Grimm just kept coming from every single direction all at once, and running was only partially effective. When a wall of advancing Beowulf’s emerged directly in front of him, Jaune cut his way through their numbers and then continued to dash through the trees. The delay had cost him though. Hundreds of Grimm were right on his heels.

Jaune was never going to get away. Claws were slashing at his ankles and thighs from the sides as more and more Grimm joined the chase. Then Jaune saw a cliffside wall and he immediately sprinted in its direction. His aura was being bled out from behind. He needed a wall at his back. He needed to make a fight of this.

Sliding to a stop in front of the sheer wall of the cliff rising up into the sky, Jaune turned around and confronted what had to be the front ranks of a swarm of Grimm of all types that were emerging from the trees.

Jaune was going to die.

Jaune was going to raise all hell before it happened.

“Bring it on,” Jaune whispered to himself with a twirl of his mono-molecular sword and a punch to the unyielding metal of his shield.

Then the Grimm were upon him and Jaune spent the next ten plus minutes hacking, slashing, firing Dust, slamming beasts aside with his shield, dodging, blocking, and being eaten.
