After drawing in a very deep breath, Jaune turned to face Shale directly so that he could give the boy a very frank and candid look. “I did what I did just now because I think you have a lot of potential that you’re currently squandering. If you learn to control your Semblance, learn to use it to slow large and lethal attacks, and learn to use it to protect not just yourself, but your teammates as well, then you’ll become an extremely valuable member of any Platoon.”

At the tail end of those words, Jaune suddenly stepped quite close to Shale and dropped the timber of his voice to little more than a feral growl. “On the other hand, if you ever threaten me again, I’ll make sure that your potential is never realized. This isn’t a game Shale. This is real life, with real consequences. If you give me reason to believe that you’re truly a threat to me, then I’ll straight up make you disappear… poof, gone. I know exactly how your Semblance operates Shale… You don't have the faintest clue about mine.”

After jerking back in surprise at Jaune’s radical change in demeanor and then stumbling backwards multiple times at the murderous intensity in his voice, Shale backpedaled towards the door and then bolted out of the room.

“Just a child,” Jaune whispered to himself as he locked up his gear and then straightened his uniform over his foundation suit. Soon enough, he was marching back out into the auditorium, walking up the stairs to the stands, and rejoining his friends amidst a sea of extremely curious stares.

“That was even more brutal than what you did to Cardin with the locker,” Yang pointed out, this time not even trying to hide her amusement.

“It was a very… John Freeman type plan,” Blake added in a voice that was almost but not quite a whisper. “You used only five percent of your aura, and you never exposed yourself to even the slightest amount of risk…”

“I might not have won at all if I didn’t exploit that boy’s weakness,” Jaune admitted with a small shrug of his shoulders. “Shale had a small but noticeable speed advantage on me.”

“Maidens John, you’re way more athletic than that little boy,” Weiss immediately scolded with a voice that sounded far more concerned than it did angry. ”What I mean is, forgoing the use of Semblances, those ridiculously well-trained muscles of yours should be giving you a speed and strength advantage over almost anyone in this room. You absolutely must learn how to properly channel your aura.”

This time Jaune only smiled in response to Weiss’s words, but the smile was knowing enough that everyone started giving him curious looks.
