Jaune continued to fight and move and struggle, until finally, his aura completely ran out, his arm was almost immediately bitten off right at the shoulder, and then his head was melted by a Sulfur Fish’s acid filled stinger.

Gasp!

Jaune hauled in deep desperate lungfuls of air as he allowed the sensory confusion caused by experiencing a violent death to ebb away. That… had sucked.

“Your body constitution is really well suited to fighting the Grimm,” Goodwitch pointed out as she withdrew the haptic helmet from Jaune’s head. “There are several different ways that you can improve from an offensive standpoint, but you still survived that Grimm swarm over four times longer than most trainees do.”

“Yes, I noticed that I can take a beating while I was up on the wall,” Jaune agreed as he wiped a hand over his newly sweaty forehead.

“Now we will watch a playback of what you just did on this holo-monitor, and I will superimpose a red light over your body to designate where and how powerfully you are channeling your aura,” Goodwitch explained.

Jaune nodded as he turned towards the nearby hologram and watched his own doomed efforts.

Over the next twenty minutes, one thing became incredibly obvious.

Jaune really was micro-managing his aura, and in a really, really noticeable way. When he used his right leg, a red swell of aura instantly shot out from his core to fill it. Then, when his right leg was up in the air, the aura that he’d filled it with withdrew back into his core. Jaune did this over and over again with every single part of his body, and Goodwitch’s use of the word casting suddenly made a lot more sense to him. Jaune was using his Semblance to cast his aura from his core into whatever limb he was currently making use of.

Jaune quite literally didn’t have any normal aura control at all…

“Maidens…” Jaune whispered as he saw the way that he was directing his aura all around his body in extremely rapid fits and bursts that allowed him to move in ways that were similar to a normal Huntsmen, but at a disadvantage. No wonder he was always a step behind… He was having to cast his aura into the limb that he was empowering even as he moved...

“There can be no doubt that you’re a genius Jaune,” Goodwitch pointed out with no specific inflection in her voice. “The amount of intelligence, concentration and willpower that would need to go into accomplishing what we’re currently looking at is astronomical. You’re manually directing every aspect of your aura control to power the various muscles, tendons, bones, nerves, and synapses of your body in very specific ways even as you move through extremely high speed movements. What we’re looking at right now is absolutely remarkable...”

“I’ve always found that fighting is more taxing on my mind than it is on my body,” Jaune slowly admitted.
