everal people off in the din of the airship compartment could be heard muttering to themselves, and Jaune wasn't fool enough to believe that their words weren't being recorded. Likewise, several other people were taking out their anxiety on the people around themselves by belittling their weapons, skills, appearance or demeanor, which had Jaune shaking his head in disgust.

While low level anxiety before a dangerous operation was very common and not worth mentioning in a mission assessment, uncontrolled fear was a very real problem and cruelty was even worse. It was vital that Hunters present a united front against the Grimm, which is why they simply couldn't afford to spread negativity like that just minutes before an operation. With that axiom in mind, Jaune started speaking into the quiet of the passenger compartment in a low but clear tone of voice... "According to what I've read in the Freelance guild's records, the average size of a Grimm swarm can be estimated by the size of the colony being attacked. Does anyone here know Croftlan's current population?"

After several moments passed without anyone responding, the black ribboned girl to Jaune's left quietly sighed and then answered the question. "Croftlan's only existed for a little more than half a decade. It's never been able to grow over the benchmark of 10,000 people, but it's gotten close on a regular basis."

"The ceiling estimate for a Grimm swarm attacking a colony that size is about 15,000 strong," Jaune continued into the renewed silence. "While there's a pretty good chance that there won't be quite that many Grimm, I think it's best to assume the worst. I'd be willing to bet that the segments of test area that are closest to Croftlan Colony are all going to be bright red on our HUDs because they'll be filled by the tail end of the swarm. If you can picture a line beginning at Croftlan's barrier wall, cutting through the main body of the swarm and then running about two kilometers further out into the forest, this is where I'd suggest everyone land. If we all drop somewhere near there, we can make contact with our partners and then approach the operation in larger numbers."

"You're a coward and an idiot," a nasally male voice called out from somewhere near the rear of the airship. "This is a competition, not some 3rd grade field trip. I'm not going to play nice with anyone except the lucky SOB that gets me as a partner."

"There's still going to be hundreds and hundreds of Grimm left long after each and every one of us destroy our quotas," Jaune countered in the same tone as before."

"You better hope I don't destroy you during the test," the boy growled in reply. "I know exactly what you're trying to do. You're trying to manipulate us into getting a late start. You're trying to give yourself an advantage."

"I have no idea what you think I'd gain by deceiving you, but what you decide to do is up to you." With a sigh, Jaune closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. What this unnamed boy was failing to understand was that the Initiation test contained at least 1 hidden element.

In his own insulting fashion, Ozpin had given them all an important clue about what was truly expected of them during the test. They weren't to be heroes. They weren't allowed to dash towards the Grimm swarm like a 1-person army. Ozpin had been very clear that the first year trainees were only being brought along because they might be useful in large numbers.

What this meant to Jaune was that Ozpin wanted them all to work together despite the rules of the test pushing them to do otherwise. Ozpin was testing them morally just as much as he was testing them physically. The Headmaster wanted to know what was most important in the eyes of his newest trainees. Was their top priority the resources and prestige that they might win over each other, or was it protecting Croftlan Colony?
