If Jaune was ever going to land a hit on Taiyang Xiao Long, he needed to widen and strengthen the nerves threading throughout his body, he needed to bolster and improve the tensile strength of his fast twitch muscles, and he needed to support his joints and tendons to endure the torsion force and the rapid contractions that he was putting them through. He also needed to use one of the hundreds of stabs, sword strokes, parrys, kicks, punches, headbutts, grabs, throws, and environmental distractions that his trainer kept screaming at him to use, with perfect timing and impossibly flawless technique… Long story short, Jaune needed to focus on so many different things all at the same time that the fundamentals slowly but surely slipped through his fingers and Jaune felt himself slowing down again.

Then it finally happened and it wasn't a surprise in the least.

Jaune was suddenly batted clear across the large wooden bridge that they were sparring on by a hard fist crashing through his left hip, and he was forced to grab desperately at the rope supports that suspended the entire structure over the gorge… For the next several seconds Jaune merely held to one of the ropes with all of his strength as his body waved like a flag. Only then, when the momentum behind Taiyang's hit finally came to an end, was he finally able to pull himself up onto his knees on the bridge's unvarnished, weathered wood.

"You're thinking too much where you should be feeling," Taiyang repeated for over the dozenth time with a small frustrated shake of his head. "I don't know why I was expecting you to understand this within such a short amount of time, but I did... You're so many years behind, you still think that you can just react to the attacks that I'm sending your way in real time. You can't… No Hunter on all of Remnant with the possible exception of little Ruby can move fast enough to identify the target of an attack, decide what to do, and then react long after an attack is already flying their way. That's not how the human nervous system works, even with aura speeding up the process... You need to feel your opponent's intentions ahead of time and you need to be moving before your enemy's attack is already on its way.

"Why am I even using a shield at all then," Jaune asked as he slowly rose back up to his feet.

"Most Grimm are dumb enough that they attack head on, which makes your rifleshield a good tactic to take out low level beasts," Taiyang replied with a shrug. "If, on the other hand, you want to be a high level Hunter that can take out dangerous, aura bolstered criminals, then I don't see that shield of yours being of much use in the long term. If we'd had the time or the resources, I'd have made you bring a second sword or a knife to use in your shield hand, but we didn't and we don't have time to change your specialty. I want you to keep what I'm saying in mind for later, if and when you end up at Beacon."

As Taiyang's incredibly coherent and useful explanation came to an end, Jaune found himself arching his eyebrows in unconcealable amounts of surprise… Taiyang Xiao Long almost never explained what he intended to accomplish through the exercises that they did everyday, despite the fact that he always had an agenda. Jaune couldn't even believe that the man had just offered all of that good advice without ruining it somehow...
