After several more seconds went by where Ozpin just stared into the camera, he finally wrapped up his explanation. "Your goal for the day is to destroy 50 blue colored Grimm and 4 yellow colored ones. This quota is directed to both you and your partner as a team, which is why none of the Grimm that you destroy before you pair up with someone will count towards the test's completion."

While the fact that he was about to be dropped from an airship midflight did have Jaune's asshole tightening up in alarm, for the most part he was just impressed with the engineering of Ozpin's test. Having the HUD goggles recording everything was an ingenious check against cheating, and making the test impossible to finish without first finding a partner made people far more likely to cooperate with each other. Those 2 things plus the color coded testing area to keep them all at a relatively safe distance from the swarm had Jaune nodding his head in appreciation. Their new Initiation was well thought out, especially considering the time constraints that Ozpin was forced to work with when designing it. Then he realized that he didn't have time to be impressed. It was long past time that he start focusing on his aura.

Just a few short weeks earlier, Jaune had admitted to Weiss that he didn't have what Hunters call a "landing strategy." What he hadn't revealed at the time was just how frustrated he was with his own lack of forethought. For that reason, he'd been thinking of a solution to the problem during what little free time he'd had over the last couple of weeks.

The way that Jaune had survived falls in the past was to channel his aura throughout his body and then hold it in a kind of suspended animation during the moment that he impacted the ground. The problem with using his aura to turn his body into a meteor was that it had never been 100 percent effective at preventing damage and it usually drained about 20 percent of his total aura. Now that he'd given the problem some more thought, Jaune had devised a strategy to decrease his downward velocity which would hypothetically reduce the impact against his body and lower his aura expenditure to about 5 percent. The new plan still couldn't be compared to the elegant antigravity landing that heiress Schnee would probably make, but it was still far better than nothing.

When Ozpin's face dropped away from the inner lens of their goggles, a 13-minute timer popped into place in its stead. Presumably this was the amount of time that they had left before their drop bays would open and their Initiation test would begin.

Or had their test already begun?
