"Thankfully for you, you're about to become quite the wealthy man," Ozpin continued into the newly oppressive silence.

With eyes that were suddenly widening in realization, Jaune bolted up straight in the bed. "The Gravity Barriers! Are they efficient enough?!"

"This is actually part of the business that I had with you," Ozpin explained with a newly amused smile on his face. "The military wants to improve upon your Gravity Barrier idea for the purposes of widespread installment across all of Vale's defenses, but since you designed those barriers on camera during a battle, you have incontrovertible evidence that you are, in fact, the inventor."

Jaune nodded his head because the laws regarding the development of new Grimm defense techniques were extremely specific. He, as the first person to ever retrofit a gurney into a Gravity barrier, would be owed a certain amount of money for every Gravity barrier that was created and installed from that point forward.

"Of course, the military attempted to claim that you owed them the patent to the Gravity Barrier in payment for damaging the Airfield's barrier wall and for all of the resources that you used up," Ozpin drawled with a small, amused, shake of his head. "I've taken the liberty of paying off all of the debts that you managed to accrue with your very ad-hoc brand of extreme genius. I've also opened a bank account under the name John Freeman for you. Please feel free to pay me back whenever you start receiving those fat royalty cheques…"

"I… I will sir. Thank you sir," Jaune gasped out in his extreme surprise and elation.

"No, don't thank me," Ozpin responded with a small shake of his head. "You forget John. Glynda, the other Professors and I, we all spent the entire afternoon watching the video footage collected from your classmates' HUD goggles. Then, after watching young Ms. Belladonna's experiences, we also retrieved your glasses so that we could enjoy watching you work. What you accomplished earlier today was no small matter."

"I saved a copy of your video to use as reference material in my third year siege defense class," Glynda suddenly added, breaking her silence for the very first time. "As a combat instructor, I find your martial arts completely mediocre, but… your intelligence and forethought throughout that entire ordeal was… commendable. Of course you ruined it for me with your supremely reckless behavior at the end there."

"While I'll grant you that my plan was extraordinarily risky, at the time I was suffering from both a severe lack of options and a trio of stampeding Goliaths," Jaune defended as he pulled an IV line out from within the crook of his elbow.
