"I have a question," Jaune added as he turned on the bed and dropped his feet onto the floor. "What did I do to myself out there? I know that I injured myself in that explosion, but I was awake and aware and then I suddenly fell unconscious. Rather than the physical injuries that I sustained, I think I might've done myself some damage with my Semblance."

"That's actually the second matter of business that I have with you," Ozpin admitted with an odd glint in his eye. "I've been curious about this all day because I've never seen someone's aura level go from 15 percent to 120 percent before and that's exactly what happened to you. Can you tell me what you were doing with your Semblance at the time?"

"I was about to incinerate myself with my own explosion because I didn't have the aura required to use my reactive armor," Jaune began as he thought back to earlier in the day. "Then I started thinking about how my Semblance can bond or divide objects such as the different atoms in particle matter. With that in mind, I tried to just divide what I started thinking of as the aura particles contained inside of my body. I did it once, then twice, then three times, until I knew that I had what I needed, but by the time I was done, I felt like my body might explode from the inside."

By the time John was finished with his explanation, Ozpin looked very amused, and was shaking his head as if Jaune was a particularly stupid puppy dog. "Well to start with, there's no such thing as half an aura particle. After a lifetime of meditation and study I have a very close relationship with my aura, and I can tell you that there's no such thing as size variations in aura. They're all perfectly uniform and regular in size and shape with no deviations whatsoever."

"What did I do then," Jaune immediately questioned.

I suspect what you did when you divided your aura particles in half over and over is you forced these new half sized particles to expand back to full size by pulling the energy that they required directly from your soul," Ozpin brainstormed out loud. This theory would account for your aura skyrocketing up to 120 percent like it did because by dividing your aura in half three times you multiplied 15 times 2 times 2 times 2. The reason you felt like you might explode at the time is because you were holding 20 percent more aura than your current max capacity."

"And my soul," Jaune whispered in a newly terrified voice. "Have I broken my soul?"

"You can strain a soul, you can bend a soul, you can injure a soul, you can pervert a soul, you can tarnish a soul, but no force in the entire universe has the raw power required to actually destroy a soul," Ozpin quoted as if he'd read the line from a book. "You might feel fatigued for a time, but you'll bounce back soon enough. If you manage to strengthen your spirit through things like Zen meditation and mindfulness, you might even find that your soul can handle some of the abuse that you just put it through without rendering you unconscious... Then again, maybe you won't... Either way, don't divide your aura until you go way beyond your current limits, because tearing your body apart from the inside out is definitely a possibility."
