A single instant after Jaune dropped to a knee, a claw slash from Miltia flew just an inch over his head. After he rose back up to his full height and tilted his head forty-five degrees to the left, a knife heel slice from Melanie careened right past his ear. After he slid just three inches to the side, a second claw slash screamed down his side to slam into the ground, and just an instant after he leapt a foot off of the floor, a sweeping kick flew through the air just an inch under his feet…

In the crystal clear and painfully acute clarity that Jaune was currently experiencing, he repeatedly forced his screaming muscles to heave him out of the way of the twin's rapid-fire attacks, until he was finally clear of their barrage and growling purely for dramatic effect.

After kicking off of the nearby wall for the momentum required and careening back down again from his dodging leap, Jaune slammed the heel of his foot down into Melanie's face with crushing force, used the back of her head as a starting block, and sprint/dash his shoulder directly into Miltia's body. An explosion of gritty grey rock dust flew in every direction as Jaune cratered the brunette girl's back deep into the wall behind her, but then he forced all of the rock dust to press in through Miltia's aura field and directly into her face with a very sudden and powerful application of his Semblance.

It was cruel. It was dirty...

It was working.

Jaune wasn't playing around. He wasn't being nice. He never even paused when Miltia coughed and hacked, and released a pain filled yelp. Of course, the girl would never have fought fair during any of the very one-sided fights that she'd taken part in in the past, which is why she'd be both surprised and scared over the sudden damage that she'd taken to her eyes.

The idea that they might actually lose this fight had never even occurred to the sisters. The idea that they might actually get hurt wasn't even a possibility in their minds… They were brats. They were fools… They weren't prepared to deal with what Jaune was doing to them.

Good…
