“Nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen,” Yang suddenly interrupted, as she stared down at John and the absurd amount of weight that he was lifting over and over and over again. She was going out of her way to act bored, as if she already knew exactly how powerful her Captain was, despite the fact that the man was lifting approximately 315 pounds (three 45-pound weights on both sides of a 45-pound bar) over and over again as if it was nothing. If his arms and chest were twice as big as they were and if he was channeling a good chunk of his aura throughout his entire body, John’s efforts wouldn’t have been all that unusual, but since his body type was visibly geared towards speed and agility and everyone could sense that he was only channeling a small fraction of his aura...

‘John Freeman’ was an absolute beast, and everyone just stood there gawking as he completed a completely astonishing twenty-one bench presses...

Completely oblivious to everything else around him, Jaune had been pushing himself through press after press after press, aiming to find out where his newfound strength and stamina actually ended. What he was lifting was normally a perfect amount of weight for about three sets of eight presses, and yet his newfound passive aura was allowing him to more than double his normal routine. It was amazing, if a little bit inconvenient, because this newfound strength would make his work-out take two or three times longer than normal… Jaune was definitely going to have to add quite a bit more weight to the bar if he was going to get it all done in time for class, but that would also take time and he was going to have to document all of the results…

Long story short, Jaune Arc had a ton of things on his mind as he slowly pushed himself through bench press, after bench press, and the boys that were gawking down at him definitely weren’t of any concern.

When Jaune finally finished his first set of bench presses, he dropped the bar into its cradle, rose back up to a seated position, stretched out his arms, and then looked around himself. The members of Platoon number 1 were alone...
