it was finally time for ‘John Freeman’ to either continue his winning streak or lose and languish at the bottom of the class rankings...

“Start causing each other some real damage boys, we don’t have all day,” Professor Goodwitch yelled out from her spot standing below the combat class ranking system.

Of all the people that he could’ve been paired up against, Jaune was currently fighting one of the kids with the ‘den’ at the end of their names from earlier that morning in the gym. If he was being completely honest, Jaune couldn't actually remember if this guy’s name was Aiden or Brayden, but his last name was Ochre, and he was extraordinarily difficult to land a hit on.

In the seconds leading up to the fight, Jaune had caught on that his adversary was relatively composed, even though the boy was looking at him as if he was a monster of some kind. With that in mind, he decided to save all of the miscellaneous nick knacks that he was holding in his pockets until they’d do him a little more good. When the fight started, Jaune immediately circle-strafed to the right, aimed his rifle-shield at Mr. Ochre’s upper body, and fired about a dozen rounds in less than three seconds.

And nothing happened…

Mr. Ochre appeared to quickly weave his head from the left to the right, and Jaune’s red Dust rounds careened past him as if it was child’s play… The thing is… Jaune hadn’t aimed at a single spot… He’d fired his rounds in a somewhat loose spread on purpose merely to see what this boy would do. The fact that the boy remained rooted in place and that the relatively simple dodge that he’d performed was enough to avoid all of the Dust rounds… It was fishy.

Then Mr. Ochre was dashing in towards Jaune with a laser-hatchet in one hand and a pistol knife in the other, and Jaune was forced to pour on the speed. Right away, Jaune could feel that his attention on his aura was interfering with the passive aura running throughout his body, but it didn’t appear that he’d lost it all because he was still a step faster and stronger than he’d been just the day before. Jaune was keeping up with Mr. Ochre in terms of raw speed, which is the only reason why he was still in the fight despite the fact that he couldn’t touch the damned boy. Over and over again, he thought that he was landing a hit, only for his blow to miss by a hair…

With every single encounter, Jaune grew more and more certain that something wasn’t right. Then he started recognizing a pattern of sorts within all of Ochre’s movements, and his mind raced through a flurry of different possibilities.

When the next clash of weapons came just a moment later, Jaune ducked low to slide beneath a neck cutting swing of Mr. Ochre’s hatchet, blocked a knife slash with his shield and then swept his sword through Ochre’s rib cage… and once again it looked like he’d missed his mark… In return, Ochre slashed his knife down into the back of Jaune’s thigh and his aura decreased from 87 to 83 percent.
