Jaune and Blake once again flowed through a slightly faster version of her sword Katas. Jaune had been just a little bit surprised that the black-haired girl intended to continue helping him, but she claimed that the sword Katas were a part of her daily ritual and he had no reason not to believe her.

The major difference between today and yesterday, was that everyone in Platoon number 1 was settled in and beginning their daily training regimens, which meant that Penny was running on a very powerful treadmill in the corner to practice high speed physical movement, Yang and Nora were kicking the crap out of a pair of dummies in the middle of a sparring ring, Ruby, was a blur of motion nearby, fighting it out against a group of holographic enemies, Weiss was doing the same on their other side, and Ren was completing Katas of his own. The training dojo was a full house tonight, with absolutely everyone in attendance…

Pyrrha wasn’t training yet… Instead, she was staring at Jaune’s movements with her feet dangling off of the unused sparring ring in the corner.

After a little more than an hour, Jaune and Blake were finished with their Katas and once again Jaune felt like he’d made some real progress where both movement and aura control were concerned. Then he turned around and saw Pyrrha beckoning him up towards the sparring ring, and a grim little smile immediately grew across his face. Yes… Of course, this would definitely be helpful…

It was also going to be quite humbling…

Pyrrha never said a word. She didn’t have to. They both knew that she had a lot to offer him. Jaune merely nodded his head in both acceptance and thanks, raised his weapons up into a ready stance, and then waited to begin.

As is customary where friendly sparring is concerned, the two of them started slow… Jaune’s sword sliced diagonally down towards Pyrrha’s body at which point she ducked it and stabbed towards his feet. Jaune hopped up over her blow to sweep his shield at her face, but then he was tripped up when her spear suddenly swept sideways and batted his feet aside in the air. With a grunt of effort, Jaune managed to plant a foot, kick at Pyrrha’s ribs with the leg that was still up in the air, push off the shield that intercepted his kick, and then backpedal in a turn with his shield slamming aside her advancing spearpoint. All of the movements that they’d just completed had happened far faster than physically possible for a civilian, but compared to Pyrrha’s max speed it was as if they were children wading through chin deep water.

Pyrrha gave Jaune a look to convey that she was going to pick up the pace.

Jaune drew in a very deep breath and then nodded his understanding.

Over the next forty minutes, Pyrrha Nikos revealed more gaps in Jaune’s defenses than he’d ever even imagined possible, as every movement and countermovement that he made in response to her spear thrusts, slices, shield bashes, turns, kicks and throws, opened up into another devastating attack that she’d clearly been aiming for from the beginning. The woman was a chess master of a fighter, her every movement geared towards leading him directly where she wanted him for a follow up attack, and only by reacting in ways that she didn’t expect in response to attacks that were corralling him in specific directions did he ever find even a moment of respite. These were also the moments when Pyrrha Nikos revealed the most radiantly beautiful smiles, as if she lived for that moment, that surprise, that delay in her plans. Pyrrha Nikos was a born that way competitor, and as much as she wanted to get away from the arena, she couldn’t escape the trappings of her own challenge seeking nature.

Of course, every time Jaune managed to thwart Pyrrha’s attacks even in the slightest, she would pick up the pace by just the tiniest of margins, and Jaune would find himself having to fight even more desperately...

Despite the fact that they were sparring and not fighting to the death, Pyrrha eventually stripped Jaune of most of his aura, at which point they were forced to bring an end to their training. Of course, by that point most of Platoon number 1 were standing around at the sidelines and watching them go at it with rising amounts of interest.

“To be honest, your fighting still isn’t all that impressive,” Weiss commented to Jaune with a glance back at the sparring ring that they’d just vacated. “What is impressive is your level of improvement. If you’d fought that well against Shale… You wouldn’t have needed to outsmart the boy...”

“John was deconstructing my movements in real time the entire time that we fought,” Pyrrha acknowledged with a happy little smile at the man. “I’ve only seen two or three extraordinarily well-trained fighters do that in the past, and they were among the closest and scariest fights that I’ve ever taken part in. I’ll tell you right now, I’m never going to allow you to see the full utility of my Semblance until we actually fight it out for real…”

Everyone paused at that declaration because Pyrrha’s words implied something that they all found extremely unlikely.

“Unless one of us finally beats you, you’re going to hold the first-place spot any day now,” Weiss pointed out to her redheaded team leader. “You believe that John is going to fight his way through all of us and then compete with you for number one?”

In the end, Pyrrha didn’t explain what she meant by her words. She only smiled, twirled her spear slowly through the air, and then moved towards a hologram projector to continue her training…
