Jaune didn't know what to do...

“I think you’re trying to run at a full sprint without ever learning to walk,” a feminine voice suddenly called out from halfway up the stairs.

Turning in place, Jaune saw Blake Belladonna staring back at him from a crouch similar to the one that she’d been in at the beginning of the Initiation Test. Apparently, she’d been observing him again, and just like back at Croftlan, it felt like she was weighing him with her eyes…

“Have you ever performed a sword Kata before, John” Blake added as she slowly rose up to her feet and leaned against the stairwell bannister.

“I’ve performed several sword forms before, but Katas are…” Jaune stopped speaking as Blake suddenly hopped off the stairs and started moving smoothly across the room.

“While sword Kata are similar to forms in that they’re useful for beginners, they tend to be far more involved, and they’re more like Tai Chi in the sense that you can find peace in them, find a type of meditation in them.” As Blake reached Jaune’s side, she pulled out Gambol Shroud in its katana form and then took up a ready stance facing the nearby mirrored wall. “If you follow my lead and memorize these forms, you can slowly increase your movement speed over time and practice properly channeling your aura.”

With an immediate nod of his head, Jaune ran over to the nearby hologram projector, cued it up to record every single second of Blake’s upcoming movements, and then ran back over to join her. Then he held up a hand to pause Blake for a second as he looked her in the eyes. “Thank yo…”

“Don’t thank me John,” Blake immediately interrupted with a very compact but expressive shake of her head. “You saved me more than once back on that wall… and more importantly… you were right…”

“I was right,” Jaune repeated as he thought back to the rampart wall and tried to figure out what his black ribboned teammate was talking about.

“You were right… We survived for the twenty minutes, and… and people really did come to rescue us… They came for the right reasons. They came because it was the right thing to do…” At this point, Blake was looking away from Jaune, but he could still see her blush in her reflection. Apparently, Ms. Belladonna had a very low threshold for embarrassment.

Quietly and with a carefully neutral expression on his face, Jaune unsheathed his sword, and pulled his rifle-shield up into a neutral position. He actually did want to make a much bigger deal out of both Blake’s generosity and her tenuous, newborn faith in humanity. Truth be told, Jaune actually felt an intense desire to hug the girl… On the other hand, he was well aware that Blake wasn’t a receptive audience for that kind of thing, so he bit his tongue, smoothed out his aura, and then waited to begin.

For the next hour and a half, Jaune and Blake flowed through a seemingly endless series of sword katas, and as it turns out, Blake was right. Not long after he grew used to completing the various cuts, slashes, parries, stabs, spins, lunges, chops, blocks, etc that made up the katas, Jaune really did end up finding some meditation amongst the movements. He found that the movements regulated his breathing. He found that the movements made him aware of himself as a body in motion rather than any specific bodily function or limb that needed to be empowered. He found that there really was a sense of spiritualism residing in the proper movement of his body with his sword.

Within the hour, Jaune could tell… This… This was exactly what he needed, both to help with his aura control and to increase the strength of his spirit… It wouldn’t happen overnight. No. Of course not. But this would work, and he could feel it...

Without ever even needing to focus on it, Jaune managed to keep a low level of aura coursing throughout his entire body for the remainder of his training…
