“So, in the end you’re nothing but a useless little damage sponge,” Ochre loudly concluded with an extremely cruel smile growing clear across his face. “Why don’t you just surrender Freeman. I have you outclassed in every way imaginable. You’re a loser. You’re a fraud. You shouldn’t even be allowed at Beacon, let alone be Captain of the school’s number 1 Platoon!”

As he drew in a very deep breath, filled his lungs with air, and then slowly let it all back out again, Jaune forced himself to see his adversaries’ current behavior for what it truly was. Mr. Ochre didn’t want to have to wail on him for however long it would take to whittle away the rest of his aura. The boy was trying to break his spirit instead. He wanted to reduce the number of opportunities that anyone in the audience would have to see through the utility of his Semblance… Well jokes on him…

Mr. Ochre was already far too late to keep that from happening…

Jaune already knew… He’d figured it out, and the fight was already over...

Slowly and calmly, Jaune dropped his left hand down into his pocket and drew out a handful of rocks.

“Hah!” Ochre was visibly amused at this point “Are you going to throw rocks at me like you did that boy yesterday? Do you expect me to flinch and cower like that loser Shale?”

Jaune slowly shook his head in the negative, and then held the rocks tightly in his shield bearing hand.

“All you’re doing is ruining your ability to properly hold that shield,” Ochre growled out in an ultra-menacing tone of voice. “You’re done, Freeman! Your little tricks mean nothing to me!” Then Ochre was dashing in towards Jaune, with his hatchet and knife moving in a flash of steel and iron.

With a feral smile of his own growing clear across his face, Jaune piled on the speed, poured a fantastically powerful surge of aura into his sword arm, upward slashed Ochre’s hatchet out of the way, parried aside the boy’s knife thrust, and then swept his sword downward towards his heart. Up until this point, Jaune’s attack was just like any other that he’d made so far, but this time, in the last split second before his sword would’ve pierced through Ochre’s chest, Jaune opened up the fingers of his shield hand to reveal that he’d completely crushed the rocks that he’d been holding, and he threw the handful of yellow glowing rock-dust into the location where the hit would’ve landed.

Ochre’s eyes immediately widened in alarm, and then his face transformed into a rictus of extraordinarily powerful anger. The boy knew exactly what Jaune had just done to him, and he absolutely hated him for it…

In the moments that followed what looked like a completely senseless attack, Jaune’s forward momentum had him skidding and swiveling around to the back of Mr. Ochre’s body. Then he slowly raised his sword up towards the back of the eerily motionless boy’s neck, and he smiled as if he was staring at a particularly beautiful sunset... “It’s time for you to surrender now, Ochre.”

“Kiss my ass,” Ochre immediately belted out even as a bead of sweat started running down his temple...

“I have you in a legitimate death trap, and you’ll run out of aura far faster than I will,” Jaune pointed out in a very casual tone of voice. Looking up to the hologram of their stats, Jaune confirmed that Ochre’s aura was dropping by a point with every two seconds that passed.

“Go fuck yourself,” Ochre snarled back, his face a monstrous caricature of his earlier menacing smile.

“Mr. Ochre here,” Jaune suddenly called out to the audience sitting up in the stands, “has an intangibility and illusion Semblance that makes it look like he’s dodged blows that’ve actually travelled directly through his body... Thankfully for me, his Semblance appears to come with a few rather strict rules.”

“Stop it,” Ochre suddenly belted out in a completely rattled tone of voice.

“Surrender then,” Jaune immediately demanded.

“Eat shit and die!!” At this point, Ochre was red in the face, shaking and panting like a racehorse.

“The first rule to Mr. Ochre’s Semblance is that he cannot move more than once between the time he activates his intangibility and the time that he ends it,” Jaune explained as he walked a slow circle around his adversary’s body. “What that means is if you can find a way to make it lethal for him to return to normal, Mr. Ochre will almost immediately lose his ability to move…”

“Stop it now! I demand that you stop,” Ochre screamed at the top of his lungs.

“Surrender then,” Jaune demanded again in a very cold and commanding tone of voice. “Turnabout is fair play Mr. Ochre! Surrender to me right this very second and I promise to keep your little secret!”

“I’ll never surrender to a bottom-feeder like you,” Ochre growled, his voice filled with both scorn and defiance.

“The second rule that governs Mr. Ochre’s Semblance exists merely as a matter of self-preservation,” Jaune called out again in a very matter of fact tone of voice. “Even though Mr. Ochre can indeed make his body, clothing and weapons incorporeal, his body still has mass, it still has weight, he’s still subject to gravity, which means that he must leave his…”

“I surrender to John Freeman,” Ochre suddenly shrieked up towards the ceiling, his words loud enough to drown out the tail end of Jaune’s explanation.

“Fight over! Winner John Freeman,” Professor Goodwitch immediately called out, before biting her bottom lip to conceal what looked suspiciously like a laugh.
