It was time… The Grimm had arrived….

At first, the fighting was almost anticlimactic. For the first minute or 2, the Grimm that did manage to scramble to the top of the wall arrived in ones, twos or threes and they were destroyed long before they could truly get their bearings. Jaune and Blake both found themselves jogging up and down their appointed side of the central span, kicking, shooting and slicing their swords through what felt like a medium paced conveyor belt of incoming Grimm.

Then both Jaune and Blake noticed that the waves of Grimm that were colliding into the wall to the left and the right of the central span were decreasing in size so that all of the Grimm could focus their efforts on the central span instead. Both Jaune and Blake immediately knew what they were looking at and they shared a quick but extremely meaningful look back and forth. What this meant was completely obvious... The 2 of them were about to get very, very busy...

Soon enough, the main body of the Grimm surge was only a meter or 2 below the top of the wall and the number of Grimm that were gaining access to the ramparts was increasing with every single second that passed.

On the one hand, Jaune and Blake were the primary targets of every Grimm in the entire area because they were the only 2 people present with unlocked auras. What that meant was that most of the Grimm would focus on tearing the 2 of them to teeny tiny little pieces before they’d move on to the Airfield itself, and those few Grimm that did end up ignoring them would be shot full of holes by the Security team. This arrangement was extremely convenient when it came to fulfilling their primary objective, protecting the civilians...

On the other hand, every tooth filled mouth, every claw tipped arm, every poisonous stinger that made it up to the ramparts was about to be aimed directly at Jaune and Blake, and needless to say, neither of them had the speed or stamina required to fight off an entire Grimm surge.

Though the 2 of them never made the conscious decision to divide the labour in any specific way, Jaune found himself focusing his attention on a 4 meter wide area on the right side of the central span while Blake careened back and forth over a 6 meter wide patch on the left. She was an ultra-agile damage dealer the likes of which Jaune wasn’t currently capable of keeping up with, so his pride had to take a back seat to matters of much greater importance. He dug in within his allotted space, and he sawed his way back and forth with an implacable determination that made him look more like a butcher than a martial artist.

Just as an Ursa was about to gain the top of wall for the very first time by riding on the back of a tightly packed wave of Creeps and Beowolves, Jaune powerslid under the slashing arms of a Beowulf already on the ramparts and swept his molecule sharp sword through the bear Grimm’s newly revealed throat before using his remaining momentum to bounce back up to his feet. Then he was backslashing at the Beowulf from before, spinning to avoid the stabbing claw of a Creep to his left and then slamming his shield into the creature’s face to smash it back down into the main body of the surge.

As close won as that moment of fighting had been, it was also nothing new anymore. With every second that passed, the Grimm attacks came faster and faster, while averting complete disaster became that much harder to accomplish.
