Sprinting over to the stairs, Jaune ran down a single level to grab a hold of the hose for himself. After leaping back up to the level of the wall, he patted Payla fondly on the shoulder, and then whispered for her to go find a secure place to wait everything out. Then, when the fearful but brave engineer was running down the stairs, Jaune dragged the massive hose over to an area of wall that still had a working anti-gravity barrier and he aimed the nozzle over the edge.

At first, when Jaune turned the spigot on the industrial sized nozzle of the hose, the only thing that happened was that a high pressure outpouring of water began spraying out to soak the Grimm below. Then, as he furrowed his eyes and set his face into extraordinarily determined lines, the beam of water thinned out and was joined by what looked like extremely cold water vapour that seemed to be glowing just the faintest yellow in color. Finally, after about 15 seconds spent releasing a mixture of water and vapour down towards the Grimm below, the high pressure water coming out of the hose was completely replaced by a frigid gaseous mixture that had Jaune shivering even as he clutched desperately at the hose.

In about a minute, I'm going to need all of you off of the wall," Jaune loudly called out as he pushed and strained his body in a way that wasn't the least bit physical.

“What’s that boy even doing,” Weiss asked aloud as she continued to use her Semblance to smash Spider, Ant and Sulfur Fish Grimm off of the gorge wall and away from the colony.

Stepping forward, Penny’s neon green eyes stared down at the frozen gas and vapour that was spewing forth from the refuelling hose in Jaune’s hands. Then her eyes widened even as she began explaining. “That hose is feeding John a huge supply of pure water, or its chemical name H2O, 1 part Hydrogen and 2 parts Oxygen… John is… He’s splitting up the water molecules using his aura and the heat in the water to provide the energy required to tear the covalent bonds apart… What we’re looking at right now are 2 separate gas clouds occupying the exact same space. 1 cloud is completely composed of pure Oxygen atoms… and the second cloud is completely composed of Hydrogen atoms. John’s using his Semblance to fill the entire gorge beyond the wall with these 2 very, very very reactive gasses…”

“How very reactive,” Blake added in a newly worried tone of voice.

“If John does what I think he’s about to do,” Penny breathed out with a very well executed look of growing anxiety on her face. “We all need to get down below the wall as soon as possible, and hope to Oum that John knows how to survive what he’s currently unleashing. Those 2 gasses in that particular combination are usually so explosive that a single spark, one tiny little current of static electricity, could turn us all into a black stain on the nearest solid surface. I assume John’s currently keeping that from happening by controlling the particle matter inside those gas clouds...”

Both Weiss and Blake stopped what they were doing to stare over at the black haired boy that was hugging at the hose nozzle as if it were a teddy bear.
