With teeth that were chattering and hands that were nearly frozen to the metal nozzle of the refuelling hose, Jaune found himself channeling over 10 times more aura than he’d ever attempted in his entire life in order to keep the quickly growing clouds of Oxygen and Hydrogen not only separate, but stable and floating in the same place within the gorge. Even though the plan was working exactly as he’d intended it to so far, there was a problem... Jaune could feel that he was almost entirely out of Aura, which meant that he wouldn’t have enough energy left to make use of the reactive armor.

If Jaune wanted to use his Semblance to continue controlling the very volatile mixture of gasses in the gorge below, he needed to be close enough and he needed line of sight… What this meant was that he was about to completely vaporize himself unless he thought of something extremely clever within the next few seconds…

And then a thought really did occur to him...

Jaune suddenly remembered how his parents had bottled his aura within those crystals during all of the years he spent in captivity… Aura was clearly a physical and tangible type of energy just as much as it was a spiritual force… Could he… Could Jaune split an aura particle? Could he expand on what he had by dividing it in half 2 or 3 times and then spreading it all out? Did he dare try it?

Did he dare not to?

With clenched teeth and a fiercely determined expression on his face, Jaune cast his attention deep inside of himself, where he began using his Semblance to split and then resplit his dwindling aura pool into smaller and smaller parts over and over again, and then he spread out these newly created aura particles throughout his entire body.

Right away, Jaune found that splitting his aura was torturously painful in a way that simply couldn’t be described, leaving him groaning and twitching as his inner being was strained to its very limits. At the same time, Jaune felt himself burning up as if his aura was fuelling a Dust reactor within his chest, and the resulting energy felt like it was expanding outwards to press against the soft fleshy parts that comprised his physical body.

Amongst all of the wrack and ruin that Jaune was absolutely certain he was doing to his body, he could also feel a brand new variety of roiling and vibrating aura energy bursting forth from within his every pore, ready and waiting to be used…

It was working… Hot damn…
