For the next couple of minutes, Jaune just sat there with his legs crossed, patting a middle aged scientist on the back. As surreal as the situation was, he was extremely happy with this outcome and wouldn't have changed a thing. Finally, the scientist appeared to be calming down, and Jaune figured it was time for him to appeal to the man.

"Since you appear to mean me no harm," Jaune hedged quietly. "I was hoping that I could make a deal with you. I want you to shelter me and arrange an identity for me. I don't care about luxury as long as I can experience some personal freedoms. I also don't expect charity. I don't know precisely what level of education I have if I'm being perfectly honest, but I do understand the mechanisms behind most of the machinery within this room."

The scientist looked up from his hands and stared at Jaune with a confused expression. "You... You have an education?"

The scientist appeared to be a little bit skeptical, and Jaune wasn't surprised. The man clearly thought that he'd been strapped to a chair doing nothing for the last 7 years. "Yes, I'm extremely well read," Jaune assured the man with a nod. "I've spent a not inconsiderable amount of my life reading textbooks and technical manuals and such to stave off boredom."

"I suppose they would need to provide consistent stimulus if they desired to keep the subject sane and healthy," the scientist mused as if to himself. Then he looked up at Jaune and nodded his head. "Well, you needn't worry about going back to where you came from. I have no intention of revealing your presence here in my lab. However… It is going to be a bit tricky getting you out of here..."

"High security laboratory in the middle of a Military installation," Jaune guessed with a sigh...

"Yes… How did you know?" The scientist looked impressed, but he also looked just a little bit wary.

"That door that we just came through was state of the art security tech, I can't imagine a civilian facility that would have any interest in harnessing aura energy, and I have about twelve different automated weapon platforms aimed at me as we speak," Jaune explained in a casual voice.

"Uh… Oh, oh, dear me, I'm sorry again!" As quickly as possible the scientist depressed a button on his remote and the weapons around the room retracted back into their hidden cubbies.

That's fine," Jaune assured the man with a wave. "I just wanted you to understand how I might have guessed..."
