For the next 5 or so minutes, Jaune and Blake fought their way through a never ending tide of D ranked Grimm, while making excellent use of Bernadette and her grenades to clear some space whenever they were being overwhelmed. They’d learned their lesson about being too frugal with the explosives, and with their help they were just barely staying ahead of all the chaos. They were doing it. They could do it. They could make it...

Jaune should’ve known better than to start raising death flags like that even in the relative safety of his own mind…

An absolutely gigantic lump that had been subtly growing into place underneath the main body of the Grimm surge suddenly exploded up into the air at the top of the wall, revealing itself to be a superior breed of Centinel (Centipede Grimm). This B ranked Grimm waved half of its 20 meter long body up high in the air and then blurred back down towards Blake’s tiny human body like the cracking of a whip.

Blake attempted to dodge. She tried to move. She couldn't. An Ursa Beowulf pair that she'd been fighting ended up impeding her progress with rapid sweeps of their claws, forcing her to dodge their attacks with her Semblance and slowing her down just enough to keep her stuck in place.

The Centinel’s body slammed down into the top of Croftlan Colony’s barrier wall like a hammer made of chitin armor and rapidly clawing legs, cratering the metal with Blake Belladonna slammed flat on her back underneath its bulk.

As he sprinted across the central span towards the Centinel and Blake, Jaune took comfort in the fact that he knew his partner was still alive. The aura that he’d channeled into Blake’s body was largely gone, used up to protect her body from such a fantastically powerful blow, but she was still alive and she was struggling to break free from underneath the beast’s crushing body. She needed out of there now. She was taking damage with every second that passed. She didn’t have much time!

Leaping between 4 Beowolves and an Ursa without even recognizing that they were still a threat, Jaune flipped his sword upside down in his right hand so that he was holding it like a dagger, activated his aura armor at 20 percent output, and then stabbed the sword down into the Centinel’s head with all of the armor bolstered strength at his disposal.

The reactive armor strengthened attack still wasn’t quite enough to pierce all the way through the massive bug Grimm’s brain, but it was enough to make the damned thing rear back and attempt to bite Jaune’s arm off. Acting entirely on instinct, he immediately shoved his rifleshield directly between the beast’s protruding mandibles to pry open its relatively tiny mouth, mechashifted his shield into its rifle form, and began firing bullet after bullet down its unprotected throat.

For the next 5-10 seconds, Jaune desperately sawed his sword blade back and forth inside of the massive Grimm’s cranium, looking to find something vital inside of its oversized and underutilized brain even as he fired round after round of Red Dust down the beast’s mouth and throat. That was the moment when the Centinel decided that crushing Blake wasn’t its main priority anymore, and it reared back into the air, carrying Jaune’s body right along with it.

Immediately after being drawn up and away from the wall, Jaune planted both of his feet over the Grimm’s mandibles, and kicked off as hard as he could to rip both his shield and sword from within the beast’s torn up head. Then he was crashing back down onto the ramparts a few meters to Blake’s right, rolling over to grab the woman around the waist and bodily throwing her through the air towards the lookout tower’s catwalk.

Blake yelled out in apparent indignation as she flew through the air like a sack of potatoes and slammed into the side of the lookout tower, but Jaune didn’t even notice, let alone care. The woman was almost completely out of aura. She wouldn’t have been able to survive what he could sense careening down towards the ramparts from above. Even as he turned around from completing his throw, Jaune could see the Centinel’s shadow rapidly growing larger, its body dropping down to crash into him at speeds that he’d never be able to dodge.

After raising his rifleshield, Jaune prepared to use the armor to parry the beast’s weight to the left. He had no intention of suffering the same fate as Blake. He couldn’t afford to hesitate.
