"Does my aura really help?" Jaune didn't have Dr. Polendina's Semblance. He wasn't sure any amount of his aura could help give life to an inanimate object.

"I know what you're thinking, but I've already made use of some of your aura in the past and it was immensely helpful," Dr. Polendina assured. "Do you know what your Semblance is, by the way?"

After shrugging his shoulders, Jaune decided to use his words. "Sorry no. I have no idea. I've only had access to my aura for a little under half a day."

"Well then you'll be interested to know that your aura interacts with its surroundings in absolutely amazing ways," Dr. Polendina explained, with that newly familiar smile on his face again. "Your aura saturates flawlessly inside of every single material that I've ever arranged for it to make contact with, and it can bind things together at sizes much smaller than merely the cellular level. It's the nature of your aura that has me attempting to assimilate Penny's consciousness into an extremely complex amalgamation of cloned material and cybernetics. I'm only speculating here, but I suspect you have an emitter type Semblance, and I wouldn't be surprised if you can heal or bolster other people's aura with your own. I don't think that's all that you can do with it though. I don't want you to make light of what you might be able to accomplish by making use of inorganic materials or even particle sized matter."

By this point, Jaune was staring at Dr. Polendina, slack jawed, wide eyed and breathless. He had never, in his entire life, had so much information just handed to him in such a straightforward and useful manner. The fact of the matter was this unexpected goldmine of insight almost had him overwhelmed with emotion. After choking back a hiccup and pressing his trembling hands into the armrests of his chair, Jaune drew in a very deep breath. "Dr. Polendina," he began in a voice thick with meaning. "I would be very interested in taking part in Penny's development. I would also be very grateful if you would teach me what you know about my aura. I'm beginning to think that I fell out of that crate for a reason."
