Since the scientist didn't look threatening, Jaune took a moment to look around the rest of the lab. No one. They were alone. He didn't want to do it but Jaune figured he could kill this man if he had to. Rising to his feet, Jaune squared up into the closest approximation of a fighting stance as he knew.

In the moments that followed, the scientist looked alarmed that Jaune was showing signs of hostility, and he floundered clumsily to push a button on a remote that he was carrying. All of the sudden and all at once, an absurd amount of robotic guns and laser cannons appeared from within the lab's walls to train their sites on him.

Well... Damn...

Jaune's hands slowly dropped back to his sides as he realized that the fight was already over. The only chance he'd ever had was to attack the scientist before the man even knew that he was there. It would seem Jaune wasn't cold and calculating enough. He wasn't bloodthirsty enough. He'd lost his one and only opportunity. Now his situation had changed dramatically, and Jaune found himself casting out for reasons that he shouldn't be killed outright. Then he thought of something and he felt his heart start to pound within his chest. He didn't like what he was about to do, but it didn't seem like he had a choice in the matter. He had to tell the truth...

"I..I'm the... source... of the aura contained within these crystals," Jaune admitted in a meek little voice, while looking down at his feet. "I finally managed to escape my captors by stowing away within that crate. I'll do... anything... to keep from going back to those... people. I've been strapped to a large metallic chair by thick leather straps every single day since I was only seven years old. I've been kept captive for over half of my life, while those crystals have been extracting all of my aura."

While Jaune was massively misrepresenting just how long a time he spent strapped to a chair everyday, his words were all technically accurate, and he was attempting to garner some sympathy. Now it was time to see if his ploy was getting him anywhere with the scientist... Looking back up at the unknown man's face, Jaune was unbelievably surprised by what he found.

The scientist was weeping thick torrents of tears that were dripping into the cardigan under his lab coat. Soon enough, the man collapsed to the concrete of the floor, sobbing openly. Judging by how enthusiastic and honest the man's weeping was, it didn't look like he was going to stop anytime soon.

Monty Oum. This scientist was clearly a softy on a monumental scale... Jaune felt his heart rate slowing down again as he took a seat on the floor in front of the man and patted his shoulder consolingly. Very suddenly, he wasn't all that concerned about getting sent back to the castle…
