Blake dodged nearly a dozen hits with only inches to spare as she weaved in between three Beowolves until her cleaver finally severed the Ursa’s right shoulder from its body at the neck. Then she took a nasty claw slash to the back of her right thigh that dropped her to a knee, stabbed her attacker in the forehead and was slashed again from her left. With a feline growl of aggression, the woman exploded back to her feet in a whirlwind of kicking feet, and waving swords, and then popped from existence.

When Blake reappeared, it was with her sword planted directly through the Ursa’s throat.

Blake Belladonna was just as lethal as ever, but because there was no space that was actually free of danger for her to dodge to, she was taking more and more damage with every single minute that passed.

In a twist of fate that Jaune could’ve gone without, the shield that Taiyang had said he should just get rid of was saving him from taking a lot of the damage that his far more skillful martial artist partner couldn’t avoid...

Jaune and Blake weren’t going to be getting any more support in the form of machine gun sweeps. One of the biggest assets that they'd had going for them up until that moment was no longer available…

Well… Damn…

They’d just have to move faster then. They’d just have to fight harder. They could do it. They could make it. Jaune immediately started mustering his entire will into becoming a focus of destruction, both his sword and the point of his shield sharpened to a molecule thin point that he used to sever necks and limbs with every single movement that he made.

It wasn’t enough…

A hard claw slash to the back of Jaune’s right shoulder slammed his body forward so he used the momentum to punch his sword through a nearby Beowulf’s chest and then leapt over its disintegrating body to dropkick a climbing Ursa right in the face and launch it back down into the surge. Then Jaune was falling backwards into a writhing mass of Creeps and Beowolves and was rolling free with his sword sawing indiscriminately through whatever patch of flesh and sinew that he could reach.

A razor sharp mouth closed around Jaune’s left bicep and a set of claws slashed at his right thigh. In return, the beasts received a sword slash to the chest and an aura bolstered shield bash to the face, and Jaune used the momentum generated by those attacks to bounce back up to his feet. After shaking off the mass of Grimm that were clawing at his back and shoulders, Jaune saw Blake being similarly overwhelmed just a few meters behind him and he whistled loudly to get her attention.
