As a yellow and white shroud of aura began leaking up and off of Jaune’s skin as if it was a molten gas that was drifting up into the sky, he growled in increasing amounts of metaphysical agony, drew his reactive armor up around every inch of his face and body, and then drew in a very deep breath.

“Everybody, off the wall, now,” Jaune suddenly demanded with an amplified voice for every single person defending the wall to hear. “No, I’m not joking! Anyone still on the wall when the next 10 seconds comes to an end will end up being completely incinerated! Move! Move now or get yourself completely vaporized!”

By the time, Jaune was finished screaming at everyone, they were all aura leaping down the various structures inside of the wall and were well out of the way of the explosion. Even Blake, as drained as she was, managed to vault off of a series of metal beams to safely reach the ground.

With a sigh of relief and a deep bracing breath of suit filtered air, Jaune returned his entire focus back to the 2 glowing yellow gas clouds that were hanging around the 3 rapidly accelerating Goliaths, and all of the B ranked Grimm that were trailing in behind them. Now that none of his classmates were manning the walls, the surge of mob Grimm were frantically scrambling up and onto the ramparts and were dashing in his direction from every single angle.

Jaune’s perception of time seemed to shift. The various Grimms’ movements felt like they slowed to a crawl.

It was time…

What followed felt like Jaune was just giving the 2 gas clouds a little nudge. It felt like he simply reminded the 2 gasses that they were extremely attracted to each other. He reminded them that under normal circumstances, 99.99 percent of all the Hydrogen that exists on Remnant is tightly bonded to Oxygen in the form of water… He reminded the 2 gasses that they were very, very attracted to each other. At least… that’s what it felt like within Jaune’s mind as he huddled against the rampart’s barrier wall and decreased the light entering his suit to preserve his eyesight. Whether or not that kind of imagery is how his Semblance actually operates, he’d likely never know.

What Jaune did know for sure, was that it worked…

The 2 massive clouds of purified gas, instantly and completely bonded to each other at the atomic level in an exothermic reaction so immensely powerful, so spontaneously enormous, and so unbelievably hot, that Jaune didn’t even remember the exact moment that the explosion happened. One second there was an ominously large but tightly controlled gas cloud floating down near the Grimm, the next second every inch of his reactive suit was on fire, he was barely conscious from the force of the blow he’d just received, and he was flying like a cannonball across the entire airfield towards the end of the gorge.

After slamming down against the tarmac at the end of the Airpad, Jaune’s body dug a 15 meter long trench in the concrete before slamming shoulders first into a massive boulder that spider-web cracked in half under the impact. The flames, luckily enough, were put out at some point during Jaune’s crash landing, but he was left just slumped there against the boulder with what felt like an extraordinarily broken body. At the very least, he couldn’t move his right arm at the moment… Thankfully, he suspected that it was merely dislocated.

After allowing his aura armor to retract back into its bands, Jaune slowly and painfully, one arm pushupped himself back up to his feet, and then looked around himself with an amused expression on his face. His HUD glasses were indicating that his aura level was currently at ?#** percent, and he was standing within a grey tinted environment. He was outside of the testing area.

He’d failed his Initiation...

Figures…

With a small shake of his head, Jaune started stumbling drunkenly back across the Airfield towards the barrier wall and the immense cloud of dust and smoke that was rising to the sky behind it… The barrier wall itself was still standing but... the entire massive metal shell was visibly dented inwards.
