It was approximately three in the morning when a low and insistent thrumming sound roused Jaune from unconsciousness. Conveniently enough, the noise turned out to be the Bullhead's engines being brought to life. With lips that were suddenly as dry as a desert, Jaune leaned out through his pine needle camouflage, to look down at the activity below. One, lone, hard suffering, hanger attendant, was pushing an overlarge crate up the Bullhead's cargo ramp, as the pilot in the cockpit completed his preflight checks. It was clearly business as usual for these two men, which meant that as soon as that cargo hold was closed the Bullhead was going to take off.

The coast would only be clear for a few seconds at the most, and he wasn't going to get a second opportunity. With that in mind, Jaune started warming up his body by wiggling his arms and legs at his sides and manipulating his aura throughout his muscles. He needed to be able to move. He needed to be prepared. It was time, it was time, it was…. Now!

As the Hanger attendant walked away from the Bullhead's cargo bay to retrieve another crate from the Hanger, Jaune kicked off the tree trunk as hard as he could, launching himself through the air. He was falling from upwards of ten meters, so he didn't expect to land without taking any damage. He didn't care in the least. He could take it. More important than whatever damage he was about to receive, Jaune needed to land silently, which meant that he needed to spread out his impact as much as possible and keep his vocalizations to a minimum.

For the second time in only a day, Jaune found himself spreading his aura throughout his entire body with no specific aim in mind other than to preserve his current state. He wanted to hold himself together as if he was wearing an armored suit or a shield. There was a very good chance that he was manually forcing his aura to do something that it does automatically, but Jaune didn't want to take any chances. He grabbed ahold of his aura, spread it throughout his entire body like a mold and then grit his teeth as he forced everything to remain in place.

After about 5 seconds spent falling, Jaune's feet finally made contact with the concrete of the airfield. In an instinctual move to decrease the damage that his legs were about to take, Jaune immediately bent his knees. Then, in the split second that followed, he allowed his body to pitch forward, dropped his right shoulder into a roll, rolled again and just kept rolling as he clenched his mouth around the pain. Several small cracks and pops met his ears as his bones bent and fractured, but Jaune knew right away that his injuries were nowhere near as bad as they should've been. Then, when he pushed himself back up to his feet, he found that he could still walk, if with a limp in his right leg. It was far more than he deserved after the stunt that he'd just pulled.

Biting down on a strong desire to whimper in pain, Jaune hugged his dislocated left arm and hobbled up the ramp into the Bullhead. He'd done it. He'd managed to get inside his getaway vehicle without getting caught. Now all he needed to do was find a decent spot to hide. That Hanger Attendant would be back any second with another crate, and Jaune needed to make himself invisible before that happened. Looking around the cargo bay, Jaune cast out for anything that might serve as a shelter.
