“Please stay still while I supplement your aura,” Jaune called out in an urgent voice as he tightly wrapped his hands around both of the woman’s shoulders. “You’re our damage dealer, Blake! I need you back in fighting form like now!”

Blake drew in a breath to form a reply, but then the words never came. Instead, a high pitched “nyah” exploded out of the woman’s newly wide open mouth as she dropped to her knees, slapped her hands down atop Jaune’s wrists, and began shaking like a leaf from her head to her toes.

Jaune had begun channelling a strong current of his aura directly into Blake’s body right through her aura field, and it was just as intense and foreign a sensation as you’d expect it to be. Aura was a form of energy that was generated by the human soul after all... It was an extremely personal, exceedingly intimate type of energy, and while most Huntsmen or Huntresses could sense other people’s auras to a certain degree, very few people on all of Remnant would ever feel someone else’s core essence to the extent that Blake was currently feeling his.

Blake’s face almost immediately turned a vibrantly bright red, the skin of her arms and legs developed a rash of very pronounced goosebumps, her back arched like a bow, and she released a long, low and throaty groan that somehow sounded both tortured and overtly sexual.

Mostly to keep his focus well away from the oddly erotic sounds that were leaking out of Blake Belladonna’s mouth, Jaune stared down at the rapidly regrouping Grimm host and took stock of their current situation. On the one hand, things were just as bad as before and the 2 of them were only moments away from being swamped by the Grimm again. On the other hand, he couldn’t deny that he was extremely pleased by how well suited his body was to surviving a siege...

While it was obvious that Jaune was nowhere near as fast or as lethal as Blake in a 1 on 1 fight, he was extremely well suited to enduring endless waves of mob level enemies because he could absorb tons of damage without losing too much of his aura. The fact that he’d been cutting off his aura whenever the opportunity arose all afternoon was finally beginning to pay off, because Jaune’s reserves were still over 75 percent even after all of the abuse that the Grimm were giving his body.

The truly surprising aspect of their current situation was that Jaune would probably still have over half of his aura left even after he finished completely restoring Blake back to full strength. Even as he dropped closer to the metallic rampart to follow Blake’s increasingly curled up body, Jaune could sense that the woman’s max capacity wasn’t even a quarter the size of his and that her reserves were filling up at an extremely rapid rate…

Good. They were going to make it. It looked like they had just enough time for Jaune to bring Blake back up to full strength before they’d need to start fighting again.
