 danger of catching fire, but he had something a little more immediate to deal with than whatever conclusions they were currently jumping to... “John speaking,” Jaune began after pressing the touch screen button to accept the call.

“Why do I look over five years younger,” Glynda immediately asked, without any preamble.

“I highly doubt you look 14,” Jaune immediately replied in self-defence.

“Cute response John, but I’m being serious right now,” Goodwitch persisted. “What have you done to my skin?”

Goodwitch sounded just a little bit frazzled at this point, which, if Jaune had to guess, probably meant that her coworker, Ms. Aria, had freaked the hell out when they met up for their little appointment.

“I helped your body create a mixture of collagen, elastin and Hyaluronic acid and then I spread it out throughout your skin to begin restoring it to peak condition,” Jaune explained in a very quiet voice. The renewal obviously isn’t permanent, but it’ll last about 6 months without me reapplying the treatment. On the other hand, if I perform the treatment on a regular basis, you should eventually look similar in age to the women of my Platoon.”

“You’re de-aging me,” Goodwitch asked in an extremely incredulous tone of voice.

“Not really, no. I haven’t yet figured out how to increase the number of times the cells that comprise the human body can divide and reproduce without immediately giving them cancer,” Jaune whispered after walking to the far off corner of the room. “At this point, the changes that I’ve made to your skin are purely cosmetic…”

“At this point,” Glynda repeated very, very meaningfully...

“I have Dr. Pietro Polendina looking into stem cell and telomere research with the different applications of my Semblance in mind,” Jaune replied very, very quietly. “He’s relatively confident that I’ll eventually be able to slow the aging process or maybe even…”

“Stop it,” Glynda suddenly interrupted.

“Reverse it,” Jaune immediately corrected.

“No, I mean stop your explanation,” Glynda sighed out. “You shouldn’t speak of something so important and revolutionary outside of a lab with anti-espionage tech surrounding you on all sides.”

“Ah, well, okay then,” Jaune allowed with a wary glance at his scroll. “If you don’t have any other questions of me, I actually have a question for you and then a series of requests that might be a bit of a pain.”
