Jaune and his Platoon would be heading in that direction very soon, but first he needed to make some arrangements that would, among other things, make their future trips to vale quite a bit more convenient in the long term. The first place that Jaune and his Platoon visited when they landed in Vale Colony’s central bus-shuttle terminal was a real estate office that catered to small businesses.

“You want what,” the stuffy looking real estate agent that Glynda recommended as being very discreet barked out in an incredulous voice as he stared at the teenager sitting in front of him.

“I wish to purchase a large, two bay Garage with second level office spaces in the downtown area as close to the main Shuttle terminal as possible,” Jaune repeated in a very businesslike tone of voice. While he was tempted to use Glynda’s name to assure this man, this Mr. Bowman’s cooperation, he wasn’t the type to exploit his friends and colleagues except as a last resort.

“Are you some kind of amateur mechanic then, because let me assure you that starting a new business isn’t something that you can just do on a whim over the weekend,” Mr. Bowman lectured, while eyeing up Jaune’s age and mismatched clothing.

“I’m not a mechanic. I merely desire a location to...” After clicking his mouth shut on the explanation that he’d started giving, Jaune closed his eyes, drew in a very deep breath, and changed his entire persona seemingly on a dime. Very suddenly and very thoroughly, Jaune’s demeanour was that of a young Atlesian lordling, with money, power and influence to spare, and no patience whatsoever for the impertinent questioning that he was currently receiving. By the time Jaune’s carriage and mannerisms had finished changing, he was giving Mr. Bowman a very stern and disapproving look, making it extremely obvious that he thought the man was an ill-bred and unsophisticated yokel.

Mr. Bowman visibly flinched at the piercing stare that he was suddenly receiving from the very cold and unimpressed young man sitting ramrod straight in front of him.

“Are you perhaps not interested in having my business, Mr. Bowman,” Jaune asked in a very slow, crisp and condemning tone of voice. “I assure you that I can find any number of agents such as yourself.” The way that Jaune said those words made it exceedingly obvious that he thought Mr. Bowman’s entire existence was completely insignificant.

By the time Jaune was finished with his little production, a bead of sweat was trailing down Mr. Bowman’s right temple. Then he was waving his hands in a rapid negative and was scrambling towards a massive file drawer in the corner of his office.

The women standing in the doorway of the office all exchanged looks back and forth, presumably in response to Jaune’s rapid character change and how effective his ploy ended up being. 
